The lands between and beyond have many statues of important figures and characters of all kinds that are found in particular positions doing things with their hands. Are these poses purely visual representations of the beliefs or role of an individual or are they something much more? Is there power in the pose or is it perhaps both? And what secrets do they hide in plain sight? The answer is both and lots. The rune of death, presumably once a rune of the Elder Ring, is synonymous with destined death, which is the element of the Glomide Queen's black flame sealed by Malikth and the part that likely made it capable of slaying gods. It's in a downward arcing position somewhere in between America's statues from the DLC which arc downward but arc up at the hands like the grandmother figure and America in the base game whose arms arc up but with her hands arcing down. But is that the same thing or something different? Meta herself appears to present a combination of these positions with her many finger appendages almost mimicking the rune of death as she channels and invokes the power of the void. I think these positions and their crossovers can sometimes be subtle or rather overtly covert indications of associations between certain characters as well. For example, the irises. At a glance, one would think it is the rune of America. However, upon a second look, it is tremendously difficult to tell if it is the rune of death or America's rune. While it begins to arc upward, it ultimately doesn't and bends downward like the statues of America in the base game, which are more akin to the rune of death. As per Marica's own rune, her rune is in an entirely upward position, while this sigil is going upward with the ends bending downwards, almost like a mix between Marica's rune and the rune of death of the glomide queen's god slaying black flame. I wager they purposefully left the Iris sigil the same for the dark and light version because the ambiguity is just one of many other artifacts of crossover between Mara and the glowide queen. like Messma for example, a child of Maracas but one of snakes and flame which we more often associate with the glomide queen. So what do all of these positions mean? Are they the same thing or are we missing subtle differences? How many are there and what do they mean or do? We in fact have plenty of examples to explain what is going on. the fact that we see these positions most often taken during acts of prayer, spiritual manipulation, divine invocation, and cultivation. I think that a good umbrella for all of these positions to fall under are as different forms of prayer. I think this is hinted at by the cut item Miranda's prayer, which depicts the Miranda plant in the act of prayer during which they invoke spears or pillars of light. And you can already likely clearly see why I think this is relevant to what we are going to discuss with even a quick side byside of this item with meta. It is pretty strong evidence of the implications and importance of the positions and that will become much clearer further on but far from the only example. I think these are all variations of prayer or invocation of a higher power and we can see variations in the results based on the variation in the position taken down to even the finger placements and when the pose is performed like at the moment of death. I think this is a technique primarily of the spirit tuners but also those capable of invoking the power of a god like a priest or holy warrior. It is a technique of manipulation of spiritual power and seen commonly in shaman variants. The repeated theme of grasping hands, invoking, receiving or communing with a higher power, such as the tower tree seal, are ubiquitous in the examples we are about to explore. We even see this in Nightra's divine tower tree concepts, which you can see my video on here. And this exchange of grasping hands is a great place to start. There are instances we see throughout the game of characters taking this position and making an exchange with a higher power, either offering and or receiving something. Godfrey offering more God to be heuned into the tree. The fire giant offering a leg to the fell god to receive or activate its power. The dancing and singing shaman offering the newborn skull for the blessing of the divine ancestors. America offering strands of what I assume are the Elden Ring to the Elden beast at the divine gates which are also in this position to make an exchange and receive power and that is the very function of the divine gates. This perhaps reinforces also my previous theories on the divine towers after the night ray network test of them being essentially a communication and power array. Marica's head offered at the end of the game to brandish the Elden Ring or like Morgot to presumably offer some form of burial in the case of Rani's ending. Melina offering herself to the forge. There are other instances of this and many other stances. And these stances can all work together. For example, there is a lot going on with Meta in regards to her position when invoking the power of the void. I believe her tail acts as a communication array, allowing her to receive this power or open a channel to it, which she then uses or directs by using another stance we will soon cover, the prayer of invocation. But first, we see this position taken during exactly two incantations, both pertaining to healing. The minor urgy incantation left by America in the shaman village representing the kindness of gold without order and the heel from afar incantation which says even when far beyond far out of sight the tree will surely give us its blessing. I think this is exceptionally fitting for America's stakes which are also in this position. After all this is where she brings us back to life quite literally healing and restoring us from afar wherever she may be. Meanwhile, Florosax is seen assuming this position as she is offering her sleep or solace to heal or soothe her mortally wounded lord in any way she can. This is a very loaded situation. So, I'll be coming back to this later on. This is the same position as the prayer of healing. Similar to, but unlike the grandmother pose, only with the arms raised and more often kneeling, bowing, or curtsying. In this instance, the one invoking power does so in a position of reverence, usually kneeling down in some way as they raise their hands to invoke the power of a god. Returning to the meta example from earlier, when Meta invokes her most powerful attack, she controls the energy summoned by her tails prayer of exchange. Her front hands are assuming the prayer of invocation to direct this attack and her legs assuming something more akin to a seated or curtsying position than standing. This to me is very similar to the kneeling tower folk shaman whose horns are akin to the prayer of exchange and whose front arms are raised in this prayer of invocation as they summon normalized crucible current to assail us. We see this in the land of shadow and elder stars incantations which draw on the power of the shardut tree and erd tree. Tutillary deities and cursed blades or failed tutillary deities are relevant to this as well given I imagine the cursed blades are in fact these shaman tower folk who invoke the normalized crucible current. But those who either failed to invoke the current or perhaps who allowed their arms to droop before they died. Unlike the tutillary deities who invoked the crucible current until they perished and pulled their spirit ash in this position. They failed and were cursed to assume the position of their failure forever. And as another observation, if they spent their entire life in this position attempting to invoke the crucible current, it would also explain why they are bent. And there may be another example of this given Florosac similarly find shame in the curse of failure due to this fumbling of arm positions. Having failed to maintain her position and succumbing to sleep in another position which we will note on soon. Her lord immediately abandoned her. So this to me is two examples of this act of failing to maintain a certain pose resulting in admonishment and shame quite like a curse. And we have yet another compelling example in Godwin's poses before and after death. He is assuming the kneeling invocation position right before he is killed. Thereafter maintaining the failed tutillary diety or cursed blade position embedded into a tree like the grandmother. You can explore the meaning behind that in these videos here. However, the finger's response to this visual is a clear indicator it was one of shame and humiliation, like an icon of failure. Or at least that is how relics of a previous age would perceive it. This would suggest his spiritual energy was invoked. And as it was he was slain and that essence or energy was manipulated likely by Rani freezing him into a state of half death in this failed tutillary position where he would live in death as poison to the erd tree. So all in all this was a multi-layered tactic of multiple poses that was used to manipulate his soul through his vessel or conductor in a ritual. And just like Meta's multi-layered attack, this is where this manipulation of the soul via these positions begins to show its true potential array of uses. To me, the shaman tower folk who die in this pose of invocation, or perhaps just those who are capable of this invocation, become tutillary deities upon their death. The position they take upon dying is as if they have slouched from this position to this one with one arm folded across themselves as if to symbolize the manipulation of the essence within them and the other hand in front of them where the spiritual essence they cultivated pulls to be used by those after them like a spiritual inheritance which for us strengthens our spirit ashes. I believe we see this in Lucat and Azour who are assuming this position and who similarly give us their spiritual essence and we receive this spiritual essence their knowledge memories or exp. Similarly, the fire monks sit in this position when they are praying toward the forge with one hand grasping their weapon which represents their object of worship. It does make me wonder if this is them communing with the beguiling flames of the forge or how they connect with it in order to receive its power. I think these are variations of what we see the grandmother from the shaman village undertaking with the end result in terms of the form or destination of the spirit differing as per the differing of the hand positions upon death like spiritual power or knowledge pulled into the palm for another as opposed to the moving of that essence from one vessel or conduit to another. Let me explain. This is the position of both the grandmother and mother figures which are embedded into a tree. It is my belief and you can see the exploration here in this video including critical information regarding souls and holes that this position is indicative of a transfer of the spirit and possibly memories. Rani is a great example as when her doll form is inhabited by her, this is its position. When her spirit has moved on, it assumes this position. This is the same for when she is preparing to leave her vessel and hide in this doll. As we find her after slaying the two fingers, she is assuming a position suggesting imminent soul transferral. This is very akin to Gower, who is still conscious in this position, but in a midway point of soul transferral between the numerous potential hosts. And his ability of spirit transferral is confirmed when he mocks us after killing him. We see Florosax move from this position, the divine healing invocation we noted on earlier, to this very position after consuming this lunatic's concoction, which ordinarily would kill you. Since sleep is so akin to death, especially given the connotations of Trina's eternal sleep, and with even the association with purple or glam in common, succumbing to this deep slumber is the closest one likely can be to death. Perhaps those who enter this state travel on a different plane, like a dream plane, the veiled spirit realm from where formless entities operate and plot before they inhabit a new vessel to meddle in the lands between. If this is true, the hole in the tree by the grandmother representing the lightless abyss of the greater will and the tree of the mother having no hole and pointing towards this snake skin are very thought-provoking situations. It also suggests perhaps figures in this position aren't necessarily dead, but perhaps are simply not occupying that vessel anymore or are in the process of transferring their spirit or essentially astral projecting. We even see examples of weaponry containing the vessel and presumably no longer the soul of the individual it is made from given one of the hands is missing with the hilt assuming a very familiar position. Quite simply, this prayer is an anomaly to the Golden Order. Before it, there was no means of light attacking or damaging. This was a gift from Mika to his father, Ratagon, in hopes of him reciprocating with some way of helping Mellennia. This incantation takes a position like Ratagon statues of order. However, the hands are pointing upward. The body has been ordered into a physical weapon, and this is expressed in the invoked light. We see this position taken by the finger slayer blade and sacred relic sword which were people who became literal weapons. However, in this instance, I do not believe this is the body and the spirit acting to achieve something like these incantations, but instead simply the body being ordered into a weapon as one hand is missing. To me, this indicates the absence of the soul which is elsewhere. This position is taken by a few notable and yet utterly nameless figures of importance. And my interpretation is that this position is intended for the power or invocation to be of whatever is being held central. Elden John first appears to hold these tablets to his chest. And if these are meant to invoke Moses of the Bible, then these tablets would represent divine knowledge. However, on the Belelfries, he is depicted as directing the prayer inward, putting faith into himself instead of these divine edicts. I think this is indicative of one finding a god unique to oneself, as described on the roar of Regalia. And to me, such a thing is the perfect preamble for a usurper god. If you take a gander at this video, you will understand why I call him Felden John. The little girl clenches this book like Feld and John to his tablets and himself, including when she is depicted on graves. I think this is also indicative of divine knowledge of the operation of death. And I have many theories to share about Rya Lucaria and its role with the deathbed companions. How the graves summoned by Rinala look like the Bakin's blessing, which looks like Floresacs, which links them to Farazula, like the motifs and statues they share in common. We also see the manipulation of death and life in the bud priest who is holding this fresh bud sprouting from a deathright spear-looking branch that almost seems copped on the top of this dead tree stump. Given their warped and drained, possibly burned form, I am inclined to believe this is indicative of them investing their faith and life force into this new bud, likely as a sacrifice to fuel its growth. The law of regression, causality, and order of healing all share in common one thing. They reverse things. The law of regression reverses spell effects, statuses, and mimicry. The law of causality reverses damage, sending it back towards foes. And the order of healing reverses death blight buildup. The action involves moving the arms and hands from one position to the exact opposite. And I think this is a perfect reflection of the Golden Order sigil. This sigil is an inverse of the sigil of who I believe to be those who were in charge of the age before the Erd tree. The triangle is inverted and instead of the sun symbolism of the fire giants, there is an eclipse at the top of the golden order inverted triangle. What was once the bottom of the old order is now at the top. The age of the sun was eclipsed and the order was inverted or reversed. Finally, there are the depictions of Ratagon and America. We know by the Golden Order totality gesture and litany of proper death incantation that this pose represents order, specifically the Golden Order. Whereas for America, this pose looks an awful lot like the rune of death. However, given these depictions are of America after the shadow realm, I believe this position reflects the transition she underwent upon her return. As when we use the incantation left by Mara in the shaman village, the pose we take is that of her before her exit of the shadow realm, the kindness of gold without order. If America in this position represents the kindness of gold without order, then the inversion of this with an arm position closer to that of Ratagon's represents gold and order or the golden order. No longer is Marica the Invoker. She is the invoked. She is no longer bound by death. She has taken its place. She is eternal. This statue is as scandalous in my opinion as the one that exposes Marica and Ratagon's secret. as I see this as yet another crossover of Marica and the glowide queen. Not only is her position invocative of the rune of death, but this dress behind her is likely a homage to Egay, who is hung in volcano manner the same way as Mara in the Erd tree and whose smaller skin is positioned the same as America's dress as demonstrated by Peigel Sage. You should check out his channel. He has some excellent content. This reminds me of how Godfrey wears Seros upon his back after presumably defeating him, given the axe wounds in his armor and removed eyes. Last on the list before we venture into the fine tuning of fingers in this equation and the associated secrets, the prayer of God. This is the position assumed by gods who invoke their own authority and power to launch immense attacks. This is the same position Michela takes when he is referring to himself. We see him assume this position with this hand gesture when he launches his most powerful attack, a massive beam of light which summons several other pillars or spears of light. And we see this once more in the statues of the large lady holding a Miranda spear which as we know by the plant itself also summons immense pillars or spears of light. What's more, this may also be relevant to other statues we see. And another example I will be exploring at the end of the video to neatly wrap this section up and right in line with these hand positions being a way of exchanging or manipulating soul energy, which is in essence our experience. These maidens with jars we find on statues all over the lands between in sacred locations at churches and in the eternal cities and upon ancient graves are quite literally directing soul energy. I say this because this depiction is very likely meant to represent Marica's blessing or its equivalent which is the sap of the urge tree which is in essence soul juice. This reminds me of the finger maidens who grant us the power of runes with an exchange of touching by hands. So why and how does this all work? Why is the position of the body capable of such things? This is the wisdom of stone. Bodies are both a vessel and conductor for soul energy or spiritual essence. The body stores this essence which can be manipulated and transferred on multiple levels depending on the configuration or pose of the body at the time of prayer or invocation. I will be exploring the wisdom of stone thoroughly in the future. But for now that is the main point I want to make about why the body assuming certain positions has this effect. Further to this, while I believe that while these positions invoke certain manipulation of this energy, I also believe the fingers themselves fine-tune this manipulation and their positions also have purpose and function. As you by this point will no doubt appreciate, the difference in hand positions seem to incur a difference in the result of a prayer. So then as a critical element of hands, the subtle differences the fingers take in these stances are also of immense importance. The finger reader crrons likely are practitioners of palistry, a fortune-telling practice also known as palm reading or chyromancy, a practice that was deemed one of the seven forbidden arts along with things such as necromancy and was actively suppressed by the Catholic Church in the 16th century. Within this practice, the fingers each have important and particular meaning. The thumb represents Mars, willpower and drive. The index finger represents Jupiter, authority and intellect. The middle finger represents Saturn, structure and responsibility. The ring finger represents Apollo and the sun, emotion. The pinky finger represents Mercury, communication. So given these apparent magical properties of fingers, we would expect to see this reflected in the items and in innumerable other examples throughout the game visually and practically. And we do. Fingers have innumerable uses within the game and represent a number of important things. The fingers we most know and love. For example, the two fingers are the children of Meta, who is the daughter of the greater will. as such important emissaries to the highest power in the lands and choosers of the emperians. What is their worth to the greater will? What is their main function? Communication. Of course, these fingers receive the messages of the greater will which are interpreted by finger readers like a literal antenna. And this logic follows through as we see this play out numerous times. Two fingers and greater will being perhaps the most well-known example. finger items that allow us to communicate and interact with other worlds. Finger whistles to communicate with meta torrent whistle which is shaped like the two fingers on the seed talisman and the numerous prayer positions which we previously explored which I am sure you will now see differently forever. A fun one I intend to explore in an upcoming video is the crown of fingers of ancient dragons and Places heads position with the ancient dragons receiving their orders from their lord in his stasis beyond time via their finger crown and his heads being in a two-finger-like position. Also allowing him to receive sleep from Florosax who is healing him from afar. This is also similar to Meta's tail which receives signals from the greater will. that tail being two fingers. I think the fact the statues show two fingers specifically, even when desecrated, is an indicator of this function given what the two fingers function is. Also, I bet you any money, the two fingers wrapped in spirit whistles will have something to do with the Revenant's spirit summoning ability. When we summon spirits, we lift the box of ash to the sky like an offering and ring the bell with specifically the thumb, index, and middle finger. While the ring and pinky finger, those with the finger whistles on the Revenant, rest against the box, referring to palistry, this almost acts like us communicating our emotion through this bell to the spirit ash and invoking the bell by shaking it with the fingers that represent our drive, authority, and structure. If this were true, then these two special antenna looking finger whistles of the Revenant may be a tool for her to communicate with and summon spirits. And it is interesting specifically which fingers are adorned with these whistles. Which brings me to my final example of this channeling and communication. While you may at this point think I have lost it, we see this hand position when Messma destroys the iris of maybe America. And before you think this means nothing, I find it interesting how Messma, who has been theorized to be the Glomide Queen's son, crushes the iris in the exact same form that our hands take when both ringing a spirit bell and when casting the black flame incantations of the glowide queen. The single difference being these exact two fingers not resting against the spirit box or curled and shut down towards the individual but are instead extended to channel the black flame which is channeled through this sword. And this sword is just like the two fingers meta's tail, placiv gates. I think this hand position is central to the manipulation of spiritual energy. And we see all of the ingredients of spirit manipulation in a singular talisman which shares the likeness of this hand sigil. It displays glintstone which holds soul energy, a circular ring to attract or direct spirits such as in burrows, gravestones, and shaman. And it is being held in the very same way Mesma holds the iris. The three fingers separated from the pinky and ring finger shares a striking resemblance to the statues in the shadow realm of this important religious figure. This symbol is very similar to the blessing of Christ hand gesture. And if this is the blessing of Christ, then the black flame hand gesture would surely be a great contender for its counter. And finally, what a lack of hands or fingers means given what we now know about the importance of hands and fingers as part of this vessel and conductor that is our body. What does the removal of these crucial tools represent? And what is the physical result? In various shamanic traditions, the left hand is considered the receiving hand. It's associated with the feminine, intuitive, and receptive aspects of the self. This hand is believed to connect practitioners to the spiritual realm, allowing them to receive energy, insights, and healing. Contrasting the left, the right hand in shamanic traditions is viewed as the giving hand. It embodies masculine energy, action, and the physical realm. Shamans use the right hand to project energy, perform rituals, and manifest intentions into the physical world. I think the same goes for an elder ring. To me, the symbolism of the removal of hands from a statue given the importance of hands is an act of desecration which represents the death of the individual in both body and soul. Like the statues of a certain maiden we see all throughout the lands between. I believe that the swords made from the bodies of individuals have one hand missing, indicating the absence of half of them. In this case, since the weapon is their body, their soul is the missing element. Ratagon is missing his left arm representing his soul whereas Michika is missing his left arm and therefore his soul from his physical body. But we can see his soul still attached to him anchored to his consort. Given the bestow of a finger appears to have granted the beastmen intelligence, the fire giant is an exceptional example of what happens when fingers are lost or damaged. I believe Marica's curse upon the giant is represented by the blighted two fingers. the exact same fingers we discussed earlier in relation to spirit summoning representing emotion and communication. While the fire giant does scream when its leg is broken, I don't think this is an emotional reaction, more just an automatic reaction to immense bodily trauma or stressing that they can no longer perform their duty. This to me is reinforced by the fact that without hesitation, he tears off the leg and immediately offers it to the fell god in order to continue its solemn duty. He is entirely unable to communicate, only ever speaking in roars. My next video will have potentially my favorite lore discovery of all time. It's a conspiracy which will heavily explore the relationship between Mara, the Glowide Queen, Ratagon, Meta, and the Giant Rebellion. This Stormvil prophecy is one of glome and ghost flame, minations and mischief, seduction and betrayal. The video after that will be the long- form dragonology video which will explore the different generations of ancient dragons, the full relationship between Meta and the dragons, including the finger crown and where the ancient dragons fall on the dragon timeline. If that interests you, be sure to subscribe and hit the bell because apparently that matters quite a bit. I am going to a professional studio to do my next few recordings. So, I have saved my larger videos for that. Massive shout out to Bon yet again for creating a beautiful thumbnail and helping me with some fantastic shots. Her channel is full of quality content. Thank you to my patrons and YouTube members. Your patience and generosity has afforded me the time and finances I need for these upcoming studio sessions, so I truly appreciate it.