Stormvil is the gift that just keeps giving with lore. And every time I revisit the castle, I discover something new. When I first saw the true design of the front towers, I was reeling for a good while. But this new discovery had me entirely stunlocked. It began with a re-examination of the damage of Stormvil, and it unfolded into a conspiracy in plain sight that unexpectedly expanded on my previous discovery. Many have postulated what this damage is, where it came from, and what it represents. The briars of sin infesting these woundlike gashes have been tied to the fire giants by way of the same thorny affliction, as well as the fire priests and maidens reborn into the lands between. And we see them appear at the gates of the urgy when we try to enter. It is thorns that are wielded by the Shardu tree and that may very well obscure any Ilim and in wreath the Shardu tree and that we see on the very armor, weapons and soldiers of the castle we will be talking about. I've seen the many hues of colors to the wounds on the castle which look similar to those of the two fingers which appear to be some form of seedling or wood. See this video here. Or the wounds on the lord before the urn tree. or the secret speckles of color found on ordinary dragons like the rainbow stones or the hidden hues of Lendell. Given we find our first Shabirri grape here and Hayeta just outside of its walls, this does make one think of the frenzied flame. However, aside from the eerie melted looking stone, there's no evidence of the presence of the frenzied flame. I've also heard the rumors of it being a sickness that is manifest from the monstrous remains at its core. However, something I've not seen explored or talked about are how these wounds take a very interesting form. Many of them are not just random claw-like impacts, but have about them a very peculiar pattern that is consistent pretty much in all of these wounds, or rather impact marks. These striations remind me heavily of the finger holes on tombstones, the finger marks on the floor near Midra, the finger shield, the doors to the frenzied flame, the patterns on the ruins at impact sites, and the impact sites themselves, which are very reminiscent of the black flame sigil. And speaking of, they remind me of something else especially. A sidebyside of Meta's face and these impact sites on Stormvil is interesting at the least. And the image it invokes of the mother of fingers assailing Stormvil is amusing if not terrifying. We see these impact sites all over the castle. So you could picture Meta spinning her way up Stormvil and belting the absolute out of the building for whatever [Music] reason. And these holes and almost claw-like marks the result of her laser beam. Her head is honestly a pretty good fit for the size, and what we see fits the profile of multiple variations of head slams that she performs, including Cow Tower's resentment, which has quite a destructive AoE, which to me explains why we see these impact marks in the middle of these claw-like marks, which are likely the effect of her performing an AoE like Cow Tower's resentment. The smaller impacts could very well be her other finger-like appendages or eye laser-like moves. And it genuinely is eerie how well her face fits the damage and the texture of the damage, even down to the curvatures. You can picture her climbing around the walls of the building like an even scarier version of Titans from Attack on Titan, belting the castle and unleashing anomaly causing devastation upon it with her gravitational powers and godly might in her prime. I did consider the possibility of these impacts being the result of perhaps lightning bolts and the accompanying marks from the talons of say a lightning wielding dragon as the foot of Grand Saxs is about the same size and is consistent with the Talonlike marks themselves and I'm not opposed to the idea at all. I have plenty to say about the relationship between Meta and the ancient dragons in the next video, but for now, suffice to say that the very statues representing the ancient dragons have upon their crown, desecrated or not, the two fingers, the children of Meta. And the ancient dragons, with exception to Lucidax and his embedded friends, dawn a crown of exactly eight fingers, the exact same amount of fingers as Meta. All of Framzula is embroiled in the symbol of her eye, the quattrophoil. And the fact that Farramula is suspended in a gravitational anomaly is also a compelling point. I have an immense amount more to say about this topic, such as Sinadilla and the implications of the gift of a finger granting intelligence and the meteorite embedded into this blade. But if you want to hear about that, you'll have to join me for my long- form Dragonology video, which will be posted when I gather the will to finish another hour and a half long video. Again, the thing that turns me towards it frankly just all being meta is what I mentioned before. The fact that in these giant Talonlike marks is this finger-like impact, which reminds me of her many headbanging moves with AoE magic after them. possibly having created these fishissures around the impacts. That to me is easier to explain than how a fingerprint ended up in a Talon mark of an ancient dragon. So why would Meta assail Stormvil? Well, if what occurred that resulted in the downfall of Meta and her age started or happened in Stormvil, why wouldn't she assail it? After all, this gigantic monolith with front gates that mimic the divine gates of any Ilim and her very own tale was obviously a central and important location to all of the other castles and churches throughout the lands between the castles and forts done its central pillars tree sigil and the churches which have a sun at the apex of their windows and quattrophoils all over them these plaques possibly depicting the divine gate's creation and its features such as the two towers ropes people melding into pillars and maidens wielding jars as seen from every church, grave, tomb, and all the way to the eternal cities and the depictions of sacred blessings. It shares iconography with the royal capital Landell. Tons of its unique motifs and is clearly an important location beyond what we previously imagined it for and so much more than the fort of a maniac. So, what event could have spurred Meta to assail Stormvil so voraciously? the timeline would feel difficult to reconcile with her assailing Stormvil as a reaction to what happened to Godwin. So perhaps it was something else entirely as we do find some very interesting items in Stormvil as well as totally unique and deeply stun-locking mysteries. Meta was the first falling star to lay purchase in the lands between the gleaming daughter of the greater will. The Elden Beast came to the lands between on a golden star and is the eventual incarnation of the Elder Ring and supreme representative of the greater will in the lands between who ruled the age of the Erd tree. This was presumably after the age of meta hinted at by the very name of her remembrance weapon special attack cow Tower's resentment. However, reconciling them existing at the same time is not a difficult feat and something we will explore later. Perhaps like the elder beast, then Meta had her own representatives. A god like Marica and a lord like Godfrey. This Stormbale prophecy is one of glome and ghost flame. Marica and Meta, minations, mischief, and mutilation. Meta is said to be broken and carries an always freshlooking wound on her torso, seemingly now incapable of birthing two fingers. and the Nox, who were banished underground by Meta's father, have a secret fetish hidden away in the most secret inner part of their doomed eternal cities that is said to be both capable of harming the greater will's vassels and is drenched in suspiciously fresh or vibrant looking blood. It's a sacred weapon that is only capable of being wielded by someone with a fate. Something the Tarnished were likely deprived of when they were sent to die and resurrected as rune zombies, but that is for another video. The blade is also clearly made of a person, exactly like the blade made from Radicon with the exact same hand missing and arm position and all. You can see this video here for a full explanation of what that means. to set the stage in favor of Stormvil being the location where Meta could have received her fatal wound by knife wielding assassins of potential Nooxian association. We find at Stormvil the talisman of an infamous assassin group with ancient ties to the DLC. We take the form of the birds of death, like deathright birds, harbingers of death from a time before the tree, who would burn death away and retrieve the ashen remains for burial at tree roots. Their ties are ancient in my opinion as children of the twinbird which we see depicted as far back as Faramazula, any Ilim and even the ancient donastic ruins with priests wielding the same staffs as those in the ancient depictions embedded in their very own wings. We also importantly see the twinird symbolism associated with the moon and night worshiping Nox on the moon of Noxstellar. fitting for the parents of death birds who only appear at night. Their awe inspiring cities are also laden with ghost flame. What is compelling to me and is a reoccurring theme we are about to delve into quite a bit is the prevalence of red and blue as two halves which together make glome or purple and represent death. And these associations are key in trying to tie these groups together throughout the ages. like the blue and red feathers of the deathright spears, and the blue and red icons representing the assassins with weapons imbued with destined death, the godslaying element of the glomide queen's black flame. As an extension of this, we find the rancor call spell referred to as an ancient hex that is reminiscent of the age of ghost flame before the age of the urgy all the way down the bottom of the castle by a water burial location lit with ghost flame. This is very reminiscent of the Tibia Mariner who I will soon be noting on where we also find remnants of statues I'll be touching on later as well. So why would ghost flame birds and the Nox have any implications regarding the glomide queen? Well, the color of the death flame wielding dark or glome queen's namesake glome is purple which is the hue of ghost flame. a pair to it as per the DLC and we find the only deathright bird in the DLC in the red and blue Caro's grave which makes purple and it's by the only Tibia mariner in the DLC which is a purple guide of the dead in the age before the tree whose summon giants dawn a purple or glomeeyed ring and spew ghost flame. While the glaming or dusk hours can present a sky rich of blues and reds, those colors combined are and often make in the sky purple. Like the purple mariner of the red and blue Caro's hidden grave, who rides on water which is typically blue and who manipulates that water with red magic akin to the myasma in the mountaintops of the giants. Beings associated with death share this relationship of colors. And even the hero's graves themselves appear to reflect glome colors. Just like the ghost flame laden eternal cities, which also have glome tones. While we're on the topic of flightless death birds and the glomide queen, the flightless bird painting provides us with clues to the fate of the bird claweyed burned and bodyless kindling maiden Melanina who was raised at the foot of the tree in this cage and requires the tarnished to take her to her goal. Not only is this purple-eyed destined death wielding, fire envisioning black knife assassin mimicking presumably little sister of Mesma yet another clash of aspects we associate with the glowide queen, fire and death. But she also introduces Mara. Melanina is presented as the daughter of America and hinted to be the younger sister of Mesma who is said to have a younger sister who bore a vision of fire. It is inferred that Melanina is this little sister given Mesma's kindling works for the ceiling tree very much the same way the kindling maiden with a vision of fire acts for the earth tree. Both children were at some point secreted away and represent elements of death and flame the very things that Mara was intent on sealing. Mesma is said to be like an older brother to Rodan. He refers to Mara as his mother who provided him with these blessings to ease his condition. And there's even a statue of her coddling him as a child in his inner sanctum, which is a striking likeness to the virgin abductors, whose womb is a coil of snakes like that behind me's eye. These abductor virgins are often associated with the glomide queen given the serpents, adornments, fell god iconography, and the ball of snakes in their womb, which is outrageously similar to the base serpent behind Mesma's eye. So, what does that imply about America? That these supposed children of hers embody the cardinal sin of the golden order, fire's deadly sin, and the enemy of the tree, the serpent? What do these secreted away children have to do with the turning point of snakes and fire being reviled and seen as traitors? After seemingly being central points of the faith and culture in the era before, what does Mara have to do with the Glowide Queen, the entity more associated with fire, death, and serpents? Why is Mara apparently part of a family of fire, death, and serpents? I think the ambiguity of Messma and Melanina being the children of Marica or the Glowide Queen is on purpose. And I think that the other numerous examples of their mixup and crossover is intentional and important to what happened with Meta. If the age before the tree, which had a fireb breathing dragon as its lord, was one where ghost flame burned away death, then a death flame wielding Imperion chosen by the two fingers would appear to me to be the perfect candidate for a marria figure of that age. So, what does any of this have to do with Stormvil? And better yet, what does this have to do with Meta? While we can see some distant whispers of the gloomite queen at stormbale so far in the hints from a bygone age, it is taken leagues further by the fact that we find both the gods slayer seal and godskin prayer book of the godskin and their glowite queen whose sigil looks outrageously similar to meta's face and the impact sites and by extension the damage on stormbale in this very castle. Perhaps Meta's reason to attack was a betrayal of or by her human envoy, her America equivalent, her chosen Imperion of an order of virgin maidens as depicted on every panel on every related church. We already have active evidence of the existence of envoys of God such as Marica, the Twinbird, and so on. As I stated earlier, I would wager the Glowide Queen was this for Meta. As the vessel or conduit of her power, channeled through the God Slayer greatsword, she was Meta's representative who would be able to eliminate or hunt any other would-be gods and threats to their dominion over the lands between, much like her golden successor for the Elden Beast. So before we circle back to Meta, who was the Gloomite queen? What was her origin? And what ties to her past do we have? What does this have to do with America? How are these two figures so evidently related? And yet the relationship is so seemingly obscure, like it's been veiled or intentionally hidden. There are limited items and hints that were given regarding the Glomide Queen and her lineage and associations. And while that may be considered a bad thing by some, it does actually help us to narrow down the scope. From all of these things, we can infer that the Glowide Queen was an Imperion that was chosen by the two fingers, the children of Meta. This is the start of why I believe she has strong and relevant ties to Meta as her chosen vessel or Marco equivalent. She led and controlled the godskin who was swaddled each as a newborn in the swaddling cloth. Though it is assumed that she is, nowhere is it actually stated that she is their mother, biological or otherwise. She wielded the gods black flame and channeled it through her godslayer greats sword which the godskin would also channel the black flame through. The godskin were all embraced by the glomide queen and the black flame was their armor within. Presumably, this image in the likeness of Aphrodite on the godskin peeler is meant to represent the glomide queen strengthening her ties to rebirth, fertility, and motherhood. A subtle but indirect suggestion of her relationship with the godskin. After Malaketh defeated her, the power of the black flame was sealed. Malikth sealed destined death which is the rune of death which was therefore the source of the power of the black flame and likely the element making it capable of killing gods. This means that the glomide queen drew her god slaying power from a portion of the elder ring itself as the true power of her black flame was sealed when the rune of death was. This further strengthens my claim of her being an important figure of the prior age, capable of channeling a portion of the Elder Ring before it was shattered and assumably a singular configuration. The Glowine Queen has an abundant relationship to snakes in the fact that her potentially adoptive children not only have serpentine physiology, but they are found protecting a serpent Amnon in a church of winged snakes with a giant snake skin hung almost exactly like America. and akin also to the snakes skin at Bonnie Village which near matches the dress that she wears upon returning from the shadow realm. Her associations to life, death, and rebirth, snakes and fire, are abundant and clear, and their contrast to America as eternal, unchanging, and someone who seals and fears snakes and fire, likely as their capacity as tools for death and rebirth, whereas she is a symbol of eternity, raises important questions. In my eyes, the transition of a being like the Glowide Queen to a being like Mara, either in a literal form or in leadership would be an erroring event and an existential threat to Meta whose age was an age of cycles. One where death was necessary and an important element of the cycle of life, death, and rebirth. The concepts of motherhood, birth, and death that she is associated with are reinforced in her role as a matriarchal figure that directs and controls the godskin, and therefore those that wield the black flame. I've been no stranger of comparing both the face of Meta as the birthing mother and the black flame sigil of the glomide queen as a womb fusing the symbolism of life, death, and birth. Especially given Meta's file name is Finger Nursery. And so to me, the God Slayer seal also invoking this imagery fits perfectly, as it is said to represent the manipulation of black flame, or rather the use of it, such as the birthing of an army that wields it and their subsequent control and use as god slayers. Given the location of three of the five gods skin are close to carry and children, the striking similarities between the royal gems and godskin gems amongst many other things I'll be discussing in the fabled grandmother video. There is a strong connection between the glowmide queen and the carryans. Furthermore, Rani is the one who gives us the spirit calling bell and the boss versions of the spirit calling snails which are secret serpents that act as a bell to summon spirits. not only dropped the godskin swaddling cloth, but also summon both the godskin of the glomide queen and crucible knights of Marica's first lord. The ones that summon the godskin being nestled by the first church of Mara and the ones that summon the crucible knights being nestled in a catacomb in Lionia right by the lunar altar. A rich cluster of crossover between the two figures. The fact the godskin are seemingly protecting a village of dancing maidens who are worshiping it immediately made me think of the other fiery maidens we know of and the other dancing warriors of particular color and myth. I find it fitting that the red dancer's grave is in a field of blue flowers and the fact that people use her outfit to cosplay America because it is so close in likeness to her dress. But there's even striking similarities between her perfume's flame attack and the black flame incantation scouring black flame. Having the blue and red dancer complent one another as another example of a glome combination is worth further exploration, especially given the ties to the mystery of the blue fairy and the obsidian gem embedded into the back of the blue dancer's outfit. But for now, there is much more to cover already. If we take a step back, there's another critical component to this. As in the base game, I believe we are given huge insight into the glomide queen and the culture that preceded that of the tree, which is given special and suspect consideration and tolerance in this new age where so much of the old order, horned beings, ritual combat, fire, serpents, is conquered or spurned. We see all of these elements. The shedding of skin like serpents, fires cleansing death, maidens with familiar braids, stakes that invoke a familiar position we will note on soon, the godskin themselves who secretly have braids, and the echoes of a flightless bird and dire prophecy of renewal by fire all in one place. Deminular village. The flightless bird painting that leads us to some of the spicy lore of Melanina aka the kindling maiden leads us to the fire's deadly sin which reads incantation originating from a deeply ominous prophecy sets both the caster and the surrounding area ablaze with raging flames. The caster's body will remain engulfed in a flame for a while burning them and any who draw near. The prophet despared, looking up at the urge tree, for soon the kindling would burst into flame, bringing ruin. The burning of the tree is the first cardinal sin. That is not the domain of mere men. Like much of the pre-ear tree history of Elden Ring before Marica the eternal and the eternal tree, existence revolved around cycles. Cycles of life, death, and rebirth. Meta is like the glommide queen, an entity that is associated with rebirth. She's found in the birthing chambers, is the mother of all two fingers, and her file name is literally finger nursery. And yet, she's also associated with death in that she represents, can summon, and control the lifeless black void, anti-life. Her very eye is a quattrophoil which historically represents the balance of cycles, seasons, directions, and divinity, and is located throughout the game in places of holy reverence, often with motifs of the sun and lunar or solar cycles. If such a symbol originated in our history from some event or some icon, I would wager this is how the quattrophoil came into prevalence in Elden Ring. The flame palmet which appears all throughout the game in ancient civilizations is also a symbol of rebirth. A tree burning to make way for a new sapling like longpine or eucalyptus. And the glowite queen as well is presented as a mother figure at least to the godskin and wields the black gods black flames which host destined death. Weighty voidlike flames that drain health of those burned by it. like a black hole sucking in even light and was ultimately sealed away in an ancient meteoric sword. Her serpentine associations like the shedding of skin and orooros being symbols of rebirth and as previously described flames as well. Melanina herself demonstrates the capacity of flames as a symbol of rebirth when she says, "Oh tree, you shall burn. Burn for the sake of the new lord. I think this village is a relic of an age of cycles. The village of the flightless bird painting takes us to the godskin apostle guarding it. An adoptive child of the glomite queen herself. The practice of skinning or shedding with extra steps is apparent. The surrounding flowers are the same primordial pink as Meta's attacks. There are stakes like those of the rune of Marica or Meta's tale. And most importantly, as the incantation we find would imply, the fate of Melanina would appear to be a tradition of the culture of this group of frenzy dancers. The very one strangely tolerated by the new order. This village is host to two types of maidens. Older maidens and younger maidens. And to get a better idea of what is happening here, we find in the ambers of a pile nearby of skinned corpses, the blue maiden's cloak gifted to royalty. A different colored version of another young spirit tuning maiden we already know of. This is actually reminiscent of real life Aztec rituals done to perpetuate the cycle of the seasons and appease the relevant god through festivities and or sacrifice. There were in fact quite a few rituals involving flower maidens, specifically the sweeping of the roads was celebrated on the 11th month of the Aztec calendar and was dedicated to Toki, our grandmother and the goddess of purification, war, and midwifery. A young virgin chosen for her beauty embodied Toki. She was treated with great honor adorned with flowers and married to the god in a symbolic right. And at the end of the month she was decapitated. Her skin was flayed and worn by priests to symbolize rebirth and fertility. Chicets the goddess of flowers, fertility, and female sexuality was honored more through celebration than sacrifice. But maiden offerings did exist in some form. For example, the flower festival was not one of the 18 fixed festivals, but was celebrated in local traditions. This god was honored with young girls dressed as flower goddesses crowned with fresh blooms who danced in circles. There would be offerings of flower garlands, fragrant resins, and paper garments. And in some accounts, a maiden or bride was symbolically wed to the goddess. The power, vitality, and rebirth gained by the sacrifice of youth is a reoccurring theme in Elden Ring, with baby batteries, unironically being something that keeps coming back to haunt me and shamanic practices revolving around the power and abundance of new life and the sacrifice of it. like Elder Ring Adrenochrome. Given Melanina's lineage and Marica's lineage as a shaman, among other things, it wouldn't be hard to see these diminular celebrants as a lineage of the shaman. And I think this is even hinted at with their braids, which are reminiscent of Marica's own. But these are far from the only examples of shaman that we're given in the game. All who share interesting similarities to one another. The shaman of the woods who invoke power in themselves and their fellow beastial shaman by song, dance, and the offering of the young, much like the diminular village celebrants. Shaman tower folk who invoke normalized crucible current to assail us. Shaman jars who manipulate their own flesh to attack us. Shaman melaner who invokes the bloom and minor tree incantations and can manipulate runes. who has a weapon similar to and moves like the Black Knives, who are of the same stock as Maraca, who is a shaman, and the shaman grandmother, sitting in a very particular and familiar pose. And while these are all shaman in their own right, invoking powers or rituals in similar manners, there are distinct differences such as their braids or physiology. But of the highest importance, in my opinion, the positions they are taking while invoking power or dying and how that relates to what that power does. I go into this completely and explain what these positions are and do in this video here, but the one we will be focusing on in this video is spirit transferral. This is akin to a primal glintstone transfer where in the soul of the individual has moved on from the vessel. We see this in the grandmother and mother figures and in Rani who demonstrates this exceptionally when she is in her doll and when she is no longer. This is the same of course for Celivus' puppets and we also see this in Gower who is manipulating this technique in order to likely search the Kaled waists for new buds. This is an extremely important concept that we will revisit a little later on in the video. These hand positions are exceptionally important and all mean and do different things using our body which is a vessel for spiritual lessons as a conduit to manipulate that power. But for this video, one last important contrast to draw attention to are the depictions of Ratagon and America. We know by the incantation regression as well as the golden order totality gesture that this pose represents order. Whereas for Mara, this pose looks an awful lot like the rune of death. However, given these depictions are of Mara after the shadow realm, I believe this position mimics the transformation she underwent after her return. As when we cast the incantation left by Marica at the shaman village, the stance we take is that of her before her exit of the shadow realm, the kindness of gold without order. If Mara in this position represents the kindness of gold without order, then the inversion of this with an arm position closer to that of Ratagons to me would represent gold and order or the golden order. No longer is Mara the Invoker, she is the invoked. This statue is as scandalous in my opinion as the one that exposes Mara and Ratagon secret, as it is, in my eyes yet another melding of Mara and the Glowide Queen. Not only is this position invocative of the rune of death, but this dress behind her is likely an overtly covert homage to Eigllay, who is hung up exactly as Mara is in the tree, and whose smaller skin is positioned exactly like Marica's dress, as demonstrated by Pevergild Sage. This reminds me of how Godfrey wears Siraj upon his back after presumably defeating him given the axe wounds. And another observation by Pevergild is this fantastic comparison between Malikth's black blade and Marica's lifeless body in the endgame. A nice twist on the other swords made of people which I will be noting on soon. So what does this all imply so far? Ghost flame was a core component in the management of death before the Erd tree which was an age of cycles. Ghost Flame is likely related to and relevant to the Glowide Queen given its nature as a death flame and the colors associated with death. Marica and the Glowmide Queen have an important and covertly overt relationship with the change from the Glomide Queen to America representing the loss of a key component of the balance of cycles and thus the death of the age of cycles and the birth of the golden eternity. the relevance of hand positions, the many shaman of Elden Ring, and the similarities and differences, and Stormvil is a hub of Sass items, iconography, and architecture. This tangled web of crossover should be enough to convince you by now that the relationship between the Glowmide Queen and Mara is at the very least eyebrow raising. the ambiguous defeat by Malikth and not Marica directly, a shadowbound beast that turns on their Imperion should their actions contravene the will of the two fingers. coupled with Marica's sole reason for Malikth being to seal destined death with the insinuation of betrayal spirit snail summoning both the crucible knights and godskin both at very questionable locations as well as the fact the godskin are found by crucible knights in two of the locations we find them the statue position crossover of the snakes skin akin sash on Marica's back they don't even bother changing the sigil between the golden and Dark Iris because the rune itself is already ambiguous enough and the beyond sass children who tie America inextricably to concepts that are fundamental to the glomide queen. And I think on this point it's more than worth mentioning the uncanny similarities of stature and composition between Mesma and the godskin apostles. And to extend upon this the striking similarities between the godskin apostles move set and the black knives and as a result Messma's younger sister. These things are so overt it's covert and almost appear to be somewhat bold and even cheeky. Kind of like allowing a statue of yourself that hides a massive order devastating secret to remain in the heart of the capital or which I'll be noting on later having the symbol of your new order be an inversion of the symbol of the last now defeated order complete with an eclipse at the top of this new symbol which would have been the bottom of the previous symbol of the age of the sun. Could it really be that mischievous? Well, one of the few items that we get that we know to have belonged to America, the mimic veil, which allows you to change your form and vanish from detection, is known by another name, Marica's mischief. And this NOxcoated veil looks, in my opinion, suspiciously like a sheddded snake skin. The way the relationship between America and the Glowide Queen is presented to me is supposed to convey its complexity. On a surface level, their relationship may be that of a contemporary sister or mother. But it's never made clear which and it could very well go either way. And I think this is entirely on purpose the same way the historical events between and of the two are obfiscated and erased. I think when we approach who Marica is to the Glomide Queen with concepts like mother, sister, and contemporary, we're right, but we're also wrong. This relationship reminds me of Michelola and Trina before the DLC and the rampant speculation as to their relationship. If like Michelola removed love and thus Trina who we now know as Mara removed the portion of herself that comprised the glowide queen and had it sealed away, say in a very suspect looking sword, then this crossover between these two figures would begin to make much more sense. But why would she do that? Is the gloomide queen Mara the same way Mara is to Ratagon or is it something else? We'll get to that eventually. But this blurring of the lines between Mara and the Glowmide Queen is certainly no mistake. And I think this is also done with Meta and the Glowide Queen as well. The striking ties between her and the Glowide Queen are impossible to ignore. And I believe that we're meant to infer a strong tie between the two. And to me, the tie that we've seen before between an outerworld representative and the greater will and their chosen Imperion makes most sense. We've already discussed how the glowide queen of meta share rebirth symbolism, mother symbolism, and death symbolism, but it goes even beyond that. Sigils of spells usually present an image of the entity being invoked to produce it. And so, it is impossible to miss that the sigil used to invoke the black flame of the glomide queen presents basically as Meta's face. If the glowide queen whose black flame drew power from a rune of the Elden Ring was chosen by the children of Meta to be their chosen god like Mara was to the Elden beast, then that is the most logical conclusion I can come to regarding her relationship to Meta. At Dominula Village, where we find the Godskin Apostle, Fire's deadly sin, and all that entails, and the dancing shaman maidens, there is an outfit in particular that I personally think may represent this relationship between Meta and the Glowide Queen. Given the importance of birth to Meta and the Glomide Queen, it makes perfect sense to me that the sigil of the mother of fingers, who lives in a birthing chamber, whose file name is Finger Nursery, and who has what I can only assume is a giant birthing canal on her front, likely depicts a womb. The fact that a young maiden is selected as the chosen Imperion of Meta may have something to do with her fertility, perhaps involving some form of wombto-womb communication or blessing. a womb allowing the young maiden to be the host of the divine powers granted to her. Perhaps this is the reason in fact why all known female demigods have been imperians and all known imperians have been female with the exception of the naent Michela and the very state of nency is to not have developed into male or female yet making this abandonment of Trina and special ascension an extra spicy topic for another video. I think this depiction shows this initial selection. We see the maidens aligned along the bottom of the cloak and these remind me of these symbols found in churches covered in maidens we find throughout the lands between what to me appears to be the black flame sigil representing both a womb and the manipulation of blacklame as a tool of the greater will and chosen Imperion. Meta being connected to this symbol representing either the power given to the chosen Imperion or the Glomide Queen herself by two fingers very similar to the depictions we've seen on the seed talisman ancient tapestries and finger spell sigil of the fingers flanking something with the older no longer fertile women. This connection appears to be no longer established or possible. And to bring this convincingly full circle, we see an almost exact depiction on the godskin outfit. This tie between Meta and the Glomide Queen, this moment of communication between the greater will and the shaman reminds me of the grandmother whose village is situated by an ancient impact site and who sits in a familiar position beneath a tree that dons a hole with likeness to Yamir's hat, which represents the lightless void of the greater will. It would appear that the presence or possibility of fertility and likely a womb are necessary for the chosen Imperion. In my opinion, to enable them to inhabit the greater will, like the Virgin Mary for the Holy Spirit in the Bible. If the Glomide Queen's dominion was death, then what if Metis was birth and together they were meant to continue the age of cycles? If the Glommide Queen allegedly had destined death stolen or at the very least it was sealed as intended, thus granting America eternity, then what was taken from Meta? Just as the ring of death was sealed and removed from the Elden Ring, I believe the rune of the unborn or rune of birth likely including the orphic egg or godwomb or as we know it, amber egg was what was taken from meta. And I find this very fitting given the amber egg and rune of rebirth are essential for perfect rebirths. And it is the inability to birth two fingers that appears to be the reason meta is broken. This is where that classic America mischievousness comes back into play. As if we look at the divine gates of Stormbale and look directly through them into the horizon, we notice that it does appear to perfectly align with Manaceelis, which translates to hidden hand. And beneath Manaceelis is a very peculiar thing indeed. At a glance, this appears to be the two fingers of Rani, the one missing from the tower where her body lays. However, this model is anything but typical. And if you take a closer look, you'll notice a couple of strange things. First, the model appears as though it's melting, and its flesh seems very different from the other living in dead two fingers we encounter. The texture is more akin to medas. The bottom of this being almost looks fade, like it's been ripped off of something. But that's not all. The fingers are facing the wrong way and appear entirely bent into an unnatural position unlike any other two fingers. Almost like they are anatomically something else. And to make things even stranger, there is a strange hole that apparently everyone up until this point has assumed was Ran's ass groove. But no, I believe this is in fact either a belly button or birth canal. And what we are looking at is Meta's genitals. and that this cavity on her chest is prolapsed. Don't Google that. If we flip this model and examine it next to Meta, it fits eerily well. Not only does the texture closely match, but the hole almost perfectly lines up with the hole she births finger creepers from. But don't just take my word for it. I was intent on presenting something better than my terrible little snippet alignment. And I was compelled to see this in its rightful place. So, with the help of my best friend, who is an amazingly talented artist working on the color correction with me, setting up the texture pathways, lighting, and environment, and the absolutely brilliant Elden Dor, bringing the animation to life, and merging the assets. It was actually done. Here are some scenes of Meta with her birthing fingers reattached and moving around. Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Another huge thank you to my friend Jack and Elden Dork for his amazing work and time and who I would highly recommend checking out as not only is his first law video exceptional, but I though he is busy in the kitchen as we speak. I believe this act occurred at the Chapel of Anticipation for two main reasons. One, most of the damage to Stormvil is on the side of the Chapel of Anticipation. And there appears to be damage that would only be possible by a catastrophic gravitational events with devastating beams circling the area. This to me would explain the damage cutting off the chapel of anticipation as well as the clear devastation on once established buildings perhaps once linking it to the mainland. And second, there is gold blood in only this area and the only thing that has gold blood in the entire game is the current host of the Elden Ring, the Elden Beast. And this raises two possibilities in my mind. Either Meta was host of the Elden Ring at this point, and as a result, her now red blood was gold, changing to red after the Elder Ring or God womb was cut out, or Meta was carrying the Elden Beast in her womb, which was excised and stolen, injuring the Elden Beast in an almost orphan of cause sort of situation. For the first option to be true, we would need to see other examples of blood changing color, and we do. If we attack a mimic before it transforms, its blood is silver. If we attack it after it transforms, its blood is red. Seeing this concept already have a precedent does encourage the idea of her blood changing from gold to red after this transformation. That transformation being the removal of the Elden Ring or God womb, just as how the mimic's blood changes from silver to red. For the second option to be true, we would need to see an injury on the Elden Beast that may have caused this pooling of gold blood. And we do. If certain runes were plucked from the Elder Ring, and the Elden Beast is the Elder Ring, then this wound may be from where those runes were plucked, and the shape of this wound seems awful familiar to both the wound on the genital fingers and the half mark in Rani's and Godwin's flesh. Here is a comparison of the half mark of death and the mark on the elder beast. And keep in mind, the picture I took is far from perfect, yet it lines up so well. This was very hard to get a good picture or video of as the inside of the Elden Beast clashes with it. But taking an image from the inside out makes the shape of the injury more clear. An important point is that depending on how you interpret the Elden Stars incantation and the remembrance of Meta, it could very well be telling us that Meta came bearing the Elden beast. Meta is the magnificently gleaming daughter of the greater will and the first shooting star to fall upon the lands between. Meta is described literally as a shooting star and a shooting star of the gleaming daughter of grace and gold would surely be a star of gold. It is said that long ago the greater will sent a golden star bearing a beast into the lands between which would later become the Elden Ring. If Meta literally is that shooting star and she was bearing the Elden beast, then that would mean she is both the mother of the Elden beast and was once host of the Elden Ring. So to me, either explanation is plausible. Regardless, I believe this was the first time the finger slayer blade was used, and it was used in order to commit this sin and hide Meta's means of birthing two fingers, as well as take or manipulate the Elder Ring, Elden Beast, andor Amber Egg. And the second time it was used was to finish the ritual Rani started, which I am more than certain has something to do with her escaping the cage of divinity before ascending, like phase 1, escape the imperion flesh. and phase two be rebirthed in a new form capable of assuming uncaged divinity likely through some form of rebirth akin to Michelola as she's sitting in the spirit transferal position right on top of Meta's birth canal completely naked as if born again and I am near certain this is connected to the half mark of death on the Elden beast and Meta's genitals likely very similar in nature to the ritual between Godwin and Rani meaning this plan has been a very very long time in the making. But we will get to that. I think the loss of this crucial element of power also explains the size difference between these fingers and meta. As I've explored in previous videos in depth, which you can see here, the loss of runes or power can and does correlate to size in many instances. For example, Morgot losing his stature, horns and tail after his defeat, Midra's stature before and after, hosting the power of the frenzy flame. Reichard before and after becoming a snake and eating others like a rune buffet, and so on as the very symbol of birth and great mother. After Meta had her genitals, womb, and potentially child taken from her, she was immensely diminished, left to wither and fade, alone and literally prolapsing from her chest. As a potential extension of this, this event being the first time the finger slayer blade was used may very well have been the preamble to what we see in the trailer being removed from this suspect looking sack by America. And yes, this isn't a perfect match, but you'll have to appreciate the fact that this has been rotting and decaying underground for god knows how long. Some people do speculate this thing in the middle is an eye. And while it could be the amniotic sack, if we look at Meta, you'll notice a very similar looking ridge around it. So, when we take into account the time that has passed since this event, this mysterious object could be either. While yes, the outer parts somewhat look like stitching, I am no expert on alien finger physiology and couldn't tell you if or not this is an alien labia, but if this is Meta's womb, then these golden strands extracted from it would appeal to me as prime material with which to construct a god womb or house the rune of rebirth in. Though, I'm still happy to accept these as threads of the Elden Ring, which had death and the rune of the unborn plucked. While the Amber Egg could very well be a Newman construct built of the ancient life of stars, I think the change of the Glomide Queen to America may very well have coincided with the mutilation of Meta, as it all seems to be part of the same plan. Her transformation to America was an intentional move to seal away the powers of death and flame to ensure the continuation of her golden eternity. seal those powers from her enemies like we also see with the Giants's Forge and Frenzied Flame and use them for her own means in her own schemes. The Glomide Queen devested herself of destined death and as a result became someone new so that the sin she was about to commit would not follow her. I think nothing better encapsulates this event better than the mimic veil which quite literally allows you to change form and avoid detection. And of course, we would find this snakeskin noxco-coded veil in Stormvil. This new totally not glom queen had nothing to do with snakes and fire. In fact, she totally hated them and they were labeled traitors to the tree and greater will. Just uh going to quickly hide these fire serpent children who I've never seen before. Meanwhile, this mysterious queen of the past who definitely wasn't America was obscured, denigrated, and lost to history. Her very origin and story secreted away like the children that were living links between Mara and the Glowey Queen. In this one night, perhaps veiled by an event like an eclipse, she sealed the powers of death and stole the powers of life. Nothing could end her and anything that had the potential to was sealed or banished under the guise of a righteous cause in relentless war campaigns and used by her in secret as she pleased. I think the fact that she or rather her shell is stabbed through the womb is likely the greater will's idea of justice or revenge in response to what was done to its daughter. Either that or it was an attempt to destroy something that was no longer there and had been secreted away to the only place capable of fending off the Golden Host. So, what could have prompted Meta to assale Stormbale to begin with? What baited her into a fatal mistake that would cost her everything? Well, what we have just explored was an obvious rebellion. And there is another rebellion we hear whispers of that is as obscured and hidden as the relationship between Mara and the Glomide Queen. What is one of the first conflicts in historical record that was erodefiningly important but with very few references to it? One from which a Lord Consort was born and with him the golden lineage. And a red-haired champion arose who would lead the war against the Carrans. a warrior who would be the second lord consort and who was secretly Mara herself. The only event for me that springs to mind is the giant rebellion. If you've seen my previous videos, you may know I am a strong believer that just like us, the world that we play in is tarnished, both in its glory and its respplendants. For example, the once colorful Lindell has been sapped of most of its color. Barramula likely has also had this same problem just like its denisens whose scales have been drained of color and we see this reflected in real life. For example, in pillars we see literally ripped into the game which to me indicates a once very different picture to many of these places. So then if the same thing happens to these ancient buildings, why not then ancient beings? We already see them bereft of color, bereft of skin, and tarnished compared to their former glory and prime. So, how far does this extend? For example, have you ever ruminated over the hairs of the godskin noble attire? Do you think these hairs were always blonde? Do you think this sword is really white? Well, it isn't. This sword's Japanese text reads that its blade is secretly colored. And the English text spoils this secret by telling us this color is green or more specifically Seladon. So if the sword's colors can presumably fade like the buildings of the world we play in and so many other things in characters, what would make this hair attached to dead skin that has been worn by the most ancient of ancient gods skin immune to this effect? In actuality, as it turns out, red hair can and does often fade to blonde, especially on dead things like corpses or hides. Hell, I've watched my own family dog fade from red to white in one lifetime. Let alone however long the godskin have been around. This is because the pigment in red hair, fomelanin, is less stable than black or brown pigment. it breaks down faster, leading to the hair to appear faded, golden, or pale yellowish over months or years. So, as you've likely been guessing by this point, yes, just like the sword with this secret faded color, I believe this hair, too, was once a different color. And I believe that color was red. And yes, I'm suggesting that the god skin are wearing the skin of giants who are the gods of the last age. And I believe I have some pretty compelling evidence. So, first, who were the giants? What does that title cover? And is that what they have always been called? Or the new name given to them by the victors since referring to them as gods would be blasphemy? Well, we know by Rinal's words and the troll item description that what we refer to as trolls are in fact lesser giants. And the term lesser was specifically added in later patches. We also know from the sword of Milos that smaller giants were treated and viewed similar to how misbegotten are. Just as certain things are markers in certain ages of higher status, like the horns of the horn sent for their age, I would wager the same was for giants, just likely their size, with larger giants being viewed as more beautiful and fully formed, like royalty. While the lesser giants lacking in the capacity of their relatives were malformed and unsightly peasantry of the giants, lesser. So why are they called trolls? Perhaps this is simply another example of golden order propaganda to erase the history of something, bleaching and renaming it. Or it could be a willing distinction made by lesser giants who rebelled against their lineage, like the shaman and Newman. We see colors devested from things that have been sealed, such as the black flame losing its red and the ancient dragons their gold. And I think the faded color of the lesser giants may have had something to do with the process by which the connection to the fell god was severed. That being the rootladened tablet embedded into the cavity the fell god would have once been able to dwell in. Especially since the impaled fire giants who have their fell cavity destroyed have lost the vibrant red in their locks and features. And this is despite being in the same area as the living fire giant still connected to the fell god. They have been severed from the red fiery fell god. And thus so too have they been drained of color. So my point is these outfits used by god slayers to hunt the gods of the last age may very well have been constructed from the skin of these lesser giants. Perhaps the ones that willingly went to war were able to keep their skin while those that rebelled or didn't go to the war paid their due of the literal skin from their back. With the leaders among those giants giving even more than that. After all, the eyes are essentially a perfect match. The beard is an almost perfect match and like that we see on the giant on the serpent riddle gladiator outfit. Their missing parts are almost a perfect match. Many of the trolls appear to have been skinned given the ones in the north are covered in fur and the ones commonly encountered are smooth and covered in bloody scrape marks. The size seems to fit too given the size of the god skin and the fact the hoods have absolutely massive ears and proportions. And treated hides can shrink and lose up to about 25% of their original size. And finally, the trolls are giants, which if the giants are the gods of the prior age, would make their skin godhide. And finally, if you are still unsure if the giants are the old gods, then consider the trophy of the god hunt, which was once a sign of the wrath of the gods. A roar very similar to when the fire giant is invoking the power and wrath of the fell god by bellowing a raging tempest of fire in a smoldering roar. The roar of Regalia reads, "An incantation of what is jokingly called the bare communion." an incantation that is more akin to the divine invocation of the hornscent than it is to the dragon communion. Only through desperate battle with the feral wild can one discover a god unique to oneself. Then perhaps the great red fell god of the red roaring giants is the apex example of this having found a god in himself. The raw medallion reads, "In ancient times, the giants were mortal enemies of the Erd tree. Their bellowing roars desolated nature triggered avalanches and whipped up storms of flame. To me, such a destructive and powerful bellow would be a great candidate, as the prideful trophy one would obtain from hunting them. Obviously, the fact these giants are impaled is very reminiscent of Messma. But another thing that leads me to believe the Glowey Queen was part of this rebellion and war is the fact the Black Flame monks were keepers, managers, and worshippers of the Flame of Ruin, turned from the Flame of Ruin and fell God to the Gloomite Queen's side. I would wager this was after seeing the wielder of destined death and God slaying flame in action. I think Marica or the glowide queen's curse upon the giants is marked by these two burned fingers. If the gaining of fingers grants intelligence, then the taking of fingers may well be a way of enslaving and depriving an individual so that they may take to a solemn task for all eternity. See this video here on the relevance of fingers and hands and what the loss of specifically these two fingers means. The main takeaway is that to me seeing flames that could burn what you see as gods would be enough for many to turn traitor indicating the presence of the glomide queen in this conflict. So what does this mean for our Stormvil connection? Well, one of the most fascinating items in Stormvil is one of the most plain, but its description is one of the very few items that gives us information about the war against the giants. And the law it gives us is of a champion that rose from it. A laborer turned rebel who was a leading and instigating force in this war. And the item that explains this to us is also found in Stormvil. For me, what importantly may lend a few extra layers to this is that we find evidence of an ancient event, potentially the presence of those that would rule the next age and get a glimpse into the veiled side of a tremendously mysterious and elusive god. For within Stormbale, we find both the mimic veil, otherwise known as Maracus Mischief, which allows one to shapeshift in PvP and avoid detection, and the brick hammer, requiring the strength of a giant to wield, which tells us of a laborer who led a rebellion and who later became a champion. The Giant Rebellion is an event we don't get told much about, but the fact that we find both Marica's mischief, a rare item of a literal god, and the hammer with a large portion of the minute information we're given about the giant rebellion, is very important. I would like to preface this before I continue by saying I'm not suggesting Marica is the one who brought this object here, as it is known that Godric did this. However, the presence of the item here to me in conjunction with everything else is a compelling nod to the mysterious collection of lawheavy items we find here. The giant race appears to have quite a variety from what we're given, and there appears to have been a heavy prejudice against the smaller giants. The giant rebellion was said to have included trolls who are small giants with their fell cavity, as I will call it, filled with a tablet in wreath in roots. Small giants were looked down upon by their larger counterparts. And among the small giants, there were those who were even smaller, viewed as disfigured and disgusting. And the best example we have of this is the small giant known as Milos, who didn't roar like his relatives, but shrieked. The sword of Milos is a spine affixed to a hilt, which is in essence a sword made from a body, much akin to the sword made from Ratagon's body. A red-haired, hammer wielding small giant, a champion who headed the following war against Leernia. A champion from a battle prior, from the war against the giants, of which I believe the precursor or trigger was Meta's mutilation and the giant rebellion. Red hair is inferred to be symbolic of the lineage of the giants. And we can see this throughout certain characters, often larger of stature throughout the lands between. These entities are either often sealed, being tortured, shunned, or in the case of royalty, exalted. Ratagon isn't the only red-head entity of a smaller stature. We see an array of either descendants or smaller versions of giants throughout the lands between. Rani and Radon who are both large Melania pumpkin heads who have an immense stature and the red hairs on the lamena who dons the face of the fell god on their back. Finally, there is another race of creatures with large stature and red hair who are viewed as disfigured and disgusting like the lesser giants of old, treated worse than slaves since birth. And those are the mispgotten creatures who are said to have been punished for making contact with the crucible and whose makeup is an abominable amalgamation of different malformed elements. What's most compelling about these red-haired malformed creatures is their file name, which translates to children of Ratagon. If that isn't enough for you, one of these red-head Misbgotten is wielding the gift Rala imparted to Ratagon, a certified treasure. And it is a misbegotten maid of light that wields the incantations Michicola made for his father Ratagon that protects the entrance to Saint Trina's domain. But there is one Mispgotten who stands out from among the rest with distinction. Who like I being the only troll that will converse with us is the only Missen who speaks to the tarnished. He has a unique model, face, and personality, and a slew of ancient divine secrets, packs, and abilities. Hug has always bewildered me. Hug, like Ratagon, the alleged father of the misbegotten, is a master of the divine arts, of smithing, the art of the giants, capable of honing any weapon and imbuing it with any element to the capacity of killing a god. But what was always even more amazing to me was that he is even capable of teaching a spirit tuner their craft. I spoke with the girl. She has a gift for spirit tuning. So I told her everything I know. I'm indebted to a spirit tuner I met long ago. It was all I could do to honor her. I'm sorry I doubted you. I have you to thank, don't I? For persuading Master Hug. I can happily announce that he has taught me the noble toil of spirit tuning. In fact, between teaching Roto Rica spirit tuning and having a menty bee over his devotion to repaying his debt to America. Oh, your divinity have mercy and grant me forgiveness. The road is yet long, but God is not easily failed. But one day, without fail, you will have your wish. So, please grant me forgiveness, Queen America. He reminisces about owing a debt to a spirit tuna he met long ago. I'm indebted to a spirit tuna I met long ago. It was all I could do to honor her. Like Ratagon, he's also chained to the tree and chooses to stay in it when it burns and he is freed. Tied to his loyalty and devotion to his debt despite the pleas of Roto Rica. I would go so far as to say Hug's relationship with Roto Rica may very well be an analogy of the relationship between Ratagon and America. A replaying of the circumstances that drew them together. I think Hug is an aspect of Ratagon, the shell of what was left after the shattering. And the spirit tuner he owes a debt to is Mara. There is a god in Celtic mythology called Lug, who looks an awful lot like Godwin and looks an awful lot like depictions of Ratagon, especially those with blonde hair. In fact, in some accounts, he is said to have had blonde hair and in other accounts, hair of blood, much like Ratagon himself, who has red hair, but is depicted in statues with golden hair. Lug is a master of all magic and crafts and smiththed a spear capable of slaying gods which would never miss its mark. In fact, he used this very spear to slay his grandfather, the oneeyed giant titan Bor, who was king of the race of giants. I think this mythology plays on the themes of both Ratagon and Hug, as I think Hug is an aspect of Ratagon, and the spirit tuna he owes a debt to is Mara. And given the proximity of the hammer and Marra's mischief, I enjoy the thought that this debt is owed to her assistance in the giant rebellion that would make this reviled small giant a champion and one day a god. I wonder if then perhaps this depiction of a prophecy found in the very same castle depicts the victors from this confrontation. And from where the rulers of the next age would rise and the losers with its lord vanquished and its wings wounded, the hawk perished as it solemnly gazed at its former home. The storm is a warhawk's cradle. So why would Maraca need Ratagon? And who or what is he? I think the reason is twofold. A god and a lord appear to be a requirement of one another, like two halves of the one equation. A marriage between god and consort. I would wager part of devesting destined death and transitioning from the entity that is the glowide queen to mara perhaps required a lord like Michel devesting centrina in order to ascend to godhood with his lord. However, the other reason I believe is that a caged divinity is just that, caged. And Ratagon, as per Mara's own words, is not yet a god. As such, while he is Mara, he can act outside of this cage and do what she is unable in her state as a god. The cut mimic quest line features a parasitic mimic we embibe and feed throughout its quest. I am a seei. My true form is that of a silver tier. I am a simple being who can assume the shapes of other living things. But now I've gained knowledge. I speak and ponder and live in fear of death. Oh, mighty tarnished warrior, I beg of you. Let me keep the life I've been granted. In exchange, I offer you power. Only to have it eventually attempt to slay us and take our place so that the copy may pass for the genuine article. You found me. I had hoped you wouldn't. You could have become Elder Lord and I could have become sovereign Eternal eventually if you hadn't found me. We both could have been lords. My apologies, Lord Horse. I will take the throne. I'm dying. So this is fear. I'm glad my lord host. I think Ratagon is very similar to the mimic Asami and is a mimic created from the flesh of a god. That god being Mara. I say this as the silver tears themselves have an internal file name of Marica lineage slime and we know the eternal cities were set on creating themselves a lord and the mimicked here is outright stated to be one such attempt. These blobs of silver are to me rudimentary vessels for a soul. And we see this again in the sentient magma of the forges where soul weaponry is crafted. We see them drop from these giant sentient silver balls and we see them transform into other organisms which bleed like their counterparts and assume their colors. But why do some of them transform into creatures and some of them just move around and stab you? I would wager it is their nature as a slime given typically in a fantasy setting slimes devour or meld with whatever they come into contact with. A see me in the cut quest essentially parasites off of us before trying to eliminate and replace us. If the black knives are science or royalty of the eternal cities and Marica is the same stock as them that would insinuate they are comprised of shaman flesh and perhaps that would explain this behavior of the silver tears described as her lineage able to meld with all sorts of beings and elements. In the case of Ratagon, just like with a Seami, a body was needed to meld with to grow and become a lord. And in my opinion, that body was Hug. Already possessing knowledge of the divine smithing of the giants. He would grow with the golden tier, learning all he needed to become whole so as to pass as the genuine article, a divinity uncaged, capable of setting the stage for America's plans out of the purview of the greater will. In my last video, I explained the process by which these weapons were forged and how in palistry the left hand represents the soul and the right the body. The fact that these weapons have their right arm suggests to me that it is purely made from the vessel of the individual. And the missing left arm representing the soul suggests that that part of them is elsewhere doing other things like the burned and bodyless finger maiden Melanina and the charred finger slayer blade who isn't missing an arm in this form because she is a spirit. Whereas with Ratagon, he is missing this arm because this is his vessel but his soul is elsewhere. Judy bound to his significant other. This is reminiscent of Michelola, who has shed his left arm, but his soul remains there, anchored to Reddan. And I do think Hug's other half is Mara after all. But who else would she entrust with her solemn wish? In the shaman village, we find Mara's braid, which reads, "A braid of golden hair cut loose. Queen Marica's offering to the grandmother. What was her prayer? Her wish? Her confession? There is no one left to answer and Mara never returned home again. And we already know what this wish is because Hug tells us. Marica's wish is for Hug to create a weapon capable of slaying a god. Your divinity have mercy and wrongly forgiveness. The road is yet long. A god is not easily failed. But one day without fail, you will have your wish. So please grant me forgiveness, Queen America. Marica's wish, her promise to the grandmother was to slay God. To break the cage of divinity and bring an end to the cycle. This is why Ratagon learned all he could to create the ultimate weapon, one capable of slaying a god. This is why he was necessary to work outside of the purview of the greater will towards these blasphemous goals. The wooing of the Karan royalty and conjoining of their orders, the hiding of the godwomb or amber egg, and gaining the knowledge necessary to make the perfect weapon. The seduction was a new life for the malformed giant, the life of a champion, not a laborer, the life of a father and husband, not a forgotten upstart of the fringes. the destiny of becoming a god and not fading into nothing as a slave. The betrayal was the result. Ending up as he started, a malformed and lonely slave, using his talent, skills, and life, laboring eternally for a god he fears. Or perhaps the betrayal was his first to make, and that is why he is as we see him. Perhaps it was he who strayed on his side of the bargain after getting everything he was promised. the life of a champion and beloved father and being at the precipice of losing it all. Perhaps Ratagon at the end, fearing the loss of his newfound glory, truly did try to repair the Elden Ring and regrets this transgression against Mara with his whole being. After witnessing the breadth of her plans and her capacity, sworn only thereafter to fulfilling her wish of slaying a god, I think there is a reason the mimics veil or marica's mischief is nocoded and looks like a snake skin. I think there's a reason the belelfries link all of these important locations. I think there's a reason the greater will's daughter is hiding away injured and the finger slayer blade is hidden deep within the eternal cities. And I think there is a reason why that at the top of this inverted triangle that is a mockery of the symbol used to invoke the fell god's power. There is an eclipse. The snake had shed its skin and the minations and mischief would continue. A serpent never dies and the eternal cities succeeded. Remembrance of Malaketh the black blade cun into the tree. Malikth was a shadowbound beast given to his Imperion. Marica's soul need of her shadow was a vessel to lock away destined death. Even then, she betrayed him. Betrayed how, I wonder. It was Rani, daughter of the Noxccoated Carryan Queen Rinal, who was adorned with glome gems like those on the godskin, and whose body is defended by no less than a godskin noble who stole destined death. But how? Who else but Marica could do such a thing to Malikth, who every demigod was said to fear? Did Rani send him into a slumber like she does to Carlay when she appears to us? And if she did, was it the ancient snowy crone that her mother guided her to that taught her magic capable of lulling the death of demigods? Or perhaps this deathly sleep magic is something originating from her carryan roots. And the history of the deathbed maidens who grant the Baldakin's blessing, which is eerily akin to the tombstones Rala's Albanoric children turn into during their wouldbe rebirth. Why does the light coming from their doors remind me of grace? And why do these doors remind me of the doors on the stone coffin ships and seem reminiscent of the sleepcoated dragon that is supporting her lord on his deathbed? Why does Ray Lucaria share so much with Faramazula? What was it before it was an academy? And what does it have to do with the Belelfries overlooking it? These bell-bearing Nooxian portal shrines with Feldon Jon engraved in them that lead us to and link sites of profound importance, each with undeniably important female figures. And what is the Carrion connection to the Glomide Queen? Why are three of the five godskin we encounter near Carryan children? Why are the jewels of Rinal so reminiscent to the Godskin? And why do we find an albonoric mask in volcano manor which has a very peculiar description? Mask made from the largely unaltered hide of a young albonoric which raises arcane but reduces the HP recovery effects of the flask of crimson tears. Much like black flame protection, but is a far cry from godskin. This albonoric hide mask is the product of malicious mockery. A fascinating find in the abode of the god child who boasts the same wish as his mother. The death of the gods. If this is real, if the rabbit hole I have just dragged you down is in fact the truth or near it, then when did all of this start? How far back does it go? Why did the gloomite queen do what she did? And if she has this relationship with America, did she have a similar relationship with her predecessor if she had one? And what happens to such a being when they become formless? To me, this all reeks of a conspiracy, a plot most intricate and masterful, the generational power plays of a caged divinity. Soon I will be presenting what I consider to be my magnumopus, the grandmother lineage of the three sisters, wherein together we will explore further into these myths and how they relate to Elden Ring, how the flightless bird broke the cage of divinity, and ultimately how far the rabbit hole goes. Thank you for watching and thank you to my patrons and YouTube members. I have a lot of work to do and many videos to make and some excellent things to show you all. If you enjoy my videos, please consider subscribing and liking the video or better yet supporting me through Patreon or YouTube members, which allows me to significantly up the quality of my work. And as always, thank you to the massively talented Bon who created the thumbnail for this video. You can see her channel here.