The infamous assassins of the night of black knives, those who carved the first half of the death sigil into Godwin's flesh for Rani's ritual, are as mysterious as they are complex. We're given some hints as to who and what they are, but fully resolving those questions is akin to opening a Pandora's box of profane secrets. And while we know many of these secrets, the Black Knives hide many yet. They're said to be Newman and both of the same stock of and closely related to America. But what does that actually mean? What is the weight and implication of these facts? And given they appear to be formless, what actually are they? They are described as scions of the eternal city like Godwin is described as a scion of the golden bow or like sacrificial twigs are referred to as scions of the tree or the grafted royal scions. The use of scion in Elden Ring is a melding of the meanings of the word scion as a cutting of a plant, progeny, and royalty. And you will see this same melding of these concepts and this word in very important characters with very important implications like the offshoots of Melania whose bloom also left a treelike construct and who is found embedded in the heart of a tree like the scion Miranda to their mother a symbol of importance second only to the tree itself in the royal capital which comes neatly full circle in the secret flower maiden of night rain and her scion daughters. represented by these scion branches and kicked over the finish line with Melanina, the treeflower maiden who turns into a tree upon death, summons a minor er tree and uses the bloom spell of the Miranda and whose attacks and weapon are strikingly similar to the scions of the eternal city and who also has close ties to America. This obvious comparison lends more weight to the descriptions and information we are given about the black knives and their relationship to America and the eternal cities. As you can see here, both the English and Japanese text refer to them as descendants and scions of the eternal city who are kin with close ties to America of the same stock. And this follows through to Melanina who confirms to us that she is a daughter of Mara. And just like this royal scion's file name reads Marica of daughter, there is another group of descendants of the lineage of the eternal cities with a very interesting file name that I believe gives us dramatic insight into the black knife assassins and their relationship to Mara as her kin and stock and as scions. The people who long ago inspired the eye of the greater will. The Nox have the file name Mara lineage man, Mara lineage woman sword, and America lineage woman dagger. While the silver tears have the file name Mara lineage slime, and the gigantic sentient silver balls have the file name mother slime. This tracks given we even see these silver tears literally dropping from one of these mother balls that contain a laval tear like the identical children of Rinala who holds the amber egg and uses those same laval tears. They're almost like a reverse graven mass or one of the jar shaman tearing off the many faces comprising it. Or like a mass of clay from which life is formed. And again a reversal but akin to the way which Rala transforms life into stone. This manipulation of life and obsession with mimicking it is reflected in attempts of the eternal cities to create and mimic the power of a lord shown in the numerous transitionary states of this malleable life form. This also explains why the Nox do not share the silver blood of the silver tears and like their form would suggest instead bleed red. This is explained by the changes we see the silver tears undergo when they transform with their blood also changing color from silver to whatever species they assume the form of. We even see this in mimic tears throughout the lands between having completely assumed the form of another being and bleeding the same type of blood as these beings they mimic. We can see the progression from mother to child, lavi to full grown, like a child through to a fully formed adult. The obvious conclusion from this trail of clues we're left is that the Nox themselves are indeed these silver tears or artificial beings similar to them, copies or perhaps mockeries of life. And this is blatantly reinforced by both the progression and various forms of the man-made albonorax. But most importantly in regards to the silver tears and especially the black knives is that the cold silver armor that specifically the female albonorics wear is said to be made of the same metal as their mother. And that's just the beginning of the similarities between these entities damned as mockeries of life. The frogman, old men and females all bleed the same silver as the silver tears in the eternal city. However, the larger and in my opinion more developed albonorics bleed red. Gas, who is confirmed to be an albonoric, and Latenna, who is rumored to be an albonoric, both bleed red. And as I have explored in numerous videos, the ties between the Carrans, Rya Lucaria, the Eternal Cities, and the Albonorics are extensive and closer than we think. Those aside, by virtue of Rani's close ties with the Black Knife Assassins, who are scions of the Eternal Cities, there are clearly established connections, and the comparison between the identical scions of Rinala and the Scions of the Silver Slime Mother are only a scratch of the surface. I wager these connections hint to the truth of the Carrion and Albanoric lineage, given just like the Albanorics, Rinala herself only ever crawls outside of an illusion and a painting. But even then, that single painting is still more than her other children can claim to. We at least almost see her legs in action after all. Rodan's painting doesn't show his legs, and we never see him without Leonard. He was close friends and rivals with Gas, and he isn't shown standing until he gets his new body, just as Rani's corpse has no feet, and there's no proof of her ever standing before her current vessel, which is exactly like the third Carryan demigod, Ryard, who we never see stand or walk until after he is devoured by the serpent and gains a new body. And that is literally as a walking snake. And what better imagery for a blasphemous snake than a walking one. As the curse of the snake by God in the Bible was to be on its belly for eternity, which interestingly is the exact same curse inflicted upon those who partake of dragon communion, but that's for the next video. These connections are potent, and there is far more, such as the shared symbolism and motifs, but I have numerous other videos you can see here that explore those connections. As is the pattern, there are very few differences between scions. And the same goes for the black knives with basically just the presence of a cloak or not, or the presence of white shamanic hair. Shown only once in official artwork during Godwin's assassination. They all bleed the same black myasma and have the same move sets and armor. But there is a single glaring difference. One very special unique Black Knife Assassin who is different from the rest in an extremely important way. She is injured. The bodyless, faceless, seemingly formless entity has slashes on her front and back. And these wounds are not expelling a black myasma like they bleed when we strike them. It is oozing blood, red blood. And if we take a close examination of these wounds, it would almost seem like the fleshy wound is a part of the armor itself, as if the armor is the flesh. Yet, when we strike her, she doesn't bleed red, but instead this very same black myasma as every other black knife assassin, like the denisens of the shadow realm, whose file name is Shadow Dead. Their bodies burned away by Mesma's flame, burning and scarring even their spirits, leaving behind only their burned shadow. This is likely why Marica prepared these curalls for Mesma before her departure to repair his body and placed irises of grace in his eyes to replace his light. When the potions run dry, his body begins to reveal his serpentine nature. And when the iris of light is removed, all that remains is the abyssal serpent sha of light. The body devouring, soulcarring nature of this sealed flame is further supported by his bodyless and spirit burned younger sister who is all too similar to the black knife assassins. Formless assassins comprised of shadow like the ancient order of assassins, the formless serpents. Formless or not, this rule, if you will, of a being bleeding the essence of what comprises them would appear to be almost entirely universal from what I have experienced and checked. The singular exception to this rule I could find would appear to be the tarnished and the night farers of night reign who are their tarnished equivalent. Both appear to be comprised of the essence, the grace stockpiled within the round table and manifest and travel through this grace. And as is stated, either they achieve their goal or grace runs out. And with it, any retries or revives. And since there is an entire erd tree stockpile of grace, as Gideon puts it, the intention is for us to struggle unto eternity. And yet, despite seemingly being comprised of this golden essence, they don't bleed a golden miasma and instead spill their respective species blood. So what is with this glaring inconsistency? And does this mean the Black Knives are at least in some ways similar to the Nightfarers or tarnished, powered by a force like Grace with a formless will or master behind it? Until that power is gone or their mission is fulfilled, well, the composition of the Black Knives is weird. And despite their similarities to one another as scions, the states we find them in are just as perplexing. There are 20 black knives in Elden Ring, 22 if you include the ones in Night Rain. There's seven Spectral Assassins and 13 physical versions in the base game and none in the DLC with two more physical versions found in Night Rain. of the physical. There's one in the death touched catacombs, one in the black knife catacombs, one in the sage's cave, one in the sainted hero's grave, and one outside of the queen's bed chamber, as well as several corpses. Three corpses around Eeg, four corpses around Bllythe, and one corpse in Ordina. We also find them in several spectral variants, and not all spectrals are the same. There are five in Ever jails, four in Ordina and Alto at the Moonlight Altar, and the Spirit Ash of Teich, Alto's daughter who died protecting her mother during their flight from the capital. And lastly, the halfthereal spirit in Ordina revealed by both their very unspirit-like footsteps and the Sentinel's torch, despite being a spirit. Ever jails make life more complicated, but at the same time give us the information we may need to figure out the nature of the black myasma and the bleeding wound in terms of making things more complicated. For example, what exactly is in them? God of Freyian one Godfrey elsewhere yet Bllythe's physical form is sealed within this one. If this is Vik then who or what is this? And with the Black Knife Assassins, it takes it a layer further. For example, are they simply prisoners? Or are they a means to hide things away as well or maybe guard them? The ultimate example of this is Ordina, an entire town glowing with the green film of ever jails that guards the entrance to the hidden hik tree. And it provides us with multiple examples about the nature of the form and state of the black knife assassins. In Ordina, both inside and outside of the Everale, we find a total of six in one state or another. not seemingly imprisoned, but guarding the mechanism leading to the Halig tree. There are four inside of the Everjale, and if you use the sentry's torch on them, you can see them clear as day. Notably, the black knives in this Everjale don't include the typical blue glow of an enemy within ever jails, and it isn't the torch doing this. I checked it with Alto to confirm. This makes me wonder if perhaps these black knives in ordina are more akin to bllythe in an ever jail as opposed to perhaps the soul alone like we usually see. Though that said, Vik and several others also appear to lack this glowing effect while others have it. So there is very likely more to the specifics of the mechanism. Aside from these four, there is a singular corpse under the staircase where one of the ever jail black knives appear and where this corpse is absent in the jail. But the most peculiar one is a semi-corporeal spirit version we can find patrolling the staircase near the entrance to Ordina. Despite being a spirit, it leaves footprints unlike the wolves and their physical counterparts. And when you use the Sentinel's torch, it becomes visible. Perhaps there is a relationship between this corpse and this semispectral black knife and maybe even the four within the ever jail. We know from the shaman's jarring from the art of grafting, glintstone soul transferal, soul combinations like the D brothers and soul sharing and splitting like Michelola and Trina, Marica and Ratagon or Nosta in Night Reign that there are many forms the vessel and soul can take. Undoubtedly, these black knife assassins are another such example. But in what capacity and to what end? ever jails are liinal vessels to seal things. Just like the black knives are imbued with and sealing a part of destined death, a red flame enrithed in black myasma that is housed within the knives and is something that is known to have been sealed in a blade previously. Like Messma's own sealed flame, also enrithed in a black myasma, much like their wielders appear to host a similar black sealing myasma. At the very least, these liinal spaces are used to seal an aspect of an individual, very likely their soul or something similar, but used to seal it nonetheless. This is in essence a soul or being trapped within stone. And this is something we see time and time again, not only in Ral Burrows, but in the Glintstone soul transferal, spirit seal springs, spirit graves, Rala's children, and so on. It's the wisdom of stone, of holes and souls. We see this extend to vessels like our bodies as liinal spaces for power to varying results and in many other examples both organic and inorganic. The black knives themselves are cracked and formed like the body of Hailtoring and sealing a portion of the rune of death like he seals away the night lord's rune. Death birds and the death priests within their cavity and wings. fire giants and the fell god that inhabits their cavity and the furnaces made in their likeness. Golems and the soul furnace that fuels them and more. The shadowy myasma in place of their blood is also similar to many instances of sealing that we see including the sealed shadowlands and its denisens and I illim which is sealed by shadow as well as the elen beast and elder ring sealed within ratagon. Their silver hollow form is like their blade which is like hail store who bleeds this same black ceiling myasma in his first phase before he is unsealed and inhabited by this glome flame which he then bleeds. The relationship between mother and daughter and the fate of a bloodline could suggest their sealed form is the result of a shared fate. And these sorts of connections are suggested in Night Rain with the triple umbilical cord end granting one the merit to enter this secret cave alluding to this secret generational pact between mother and progeny. similar to the generational pact between Marica and Melanina whose blade looks like a hybrid of the black knives and the finger slayer blade born of a corpse capable of harming the vassels of the greater will and perhaps the other scions of kin and stock and their pact or vow as those who parttook in the ritual of the night of black knives and Godwin and Rani's ritual. Perhaps this combination of a mother being sealed with her daughter's ashes was an intentional move to seal them and hide them, binding them only to their calling, just as theirs in Melanina's placement and form as well as the blade of calling modeled after the black knives would suggest. just like Melanina's spirit to her calling long after her body was burned and as some hypothesize used to seal Enir Ilim the small and physical shadow tree as the shadow sealing the city leaving only the light of her spirit and on the other hand the black knives are a physical shadow form bereft of any light. We have seen this ritual of binding combined fates to a judy in the fire giant hidden away beyond the forbidden lands himself and by extension his god bound to this solemn duty. If they share the fate of their progenitor, then perhaps they owe their current form to the sealed state of Mara sealed in the Erd tree or electto sealed in the ever jail. Holding the spirit ash remains of her daughter, which is the product of a ritual to imbue one's ashes to an oath or cause beyond death, as per the twin maiden ashes. Perhaps this combination of a mother and daughter sealed together was intentional and some form of ritual, part of the plan all along to affect their form and assure their actions after the shattering. The relation between these parties, as the evidence has suggested, between their methods and their missions, their lineage or stock, and their state or form, even follows through to the mother and daughter. Both mothers sealed at first glance against their will and on a second thought perhaps by design and their own valition and their daughters Melanina who mentions that she was born at the foot of the tree burned and bodyless and tiche who died protecting her mother during their flight from the tree and who is ashes burned and bodyless. But to what end? What are the black knives to America? The ability to shape-shift and change forms is the ability of one of the only items we ever get belonging to Mara and gives us some insight into her personality. Marica's mischief, which is a very Noxcoded veil, allowing one to shapeshift. Most of these are mimics of living beings like the marionets or the statues. Illusions of the illusions of life, artificial life, as per the silver tier mask, to imitate the imitator is a cunning play indeed. And that's very well what these black knives may be. Simply giving the illusion of a person while being nothing more than imitations. Inorganic objects imbued with power and bound to a will or mission. And if that sounds far-fetched to you, we have quite literally seen this time and time again. An inorganic object made in the likeness of living beings driven or powered by a soul or sentience bound to a duty or mission like protecting a location or kidnapping people for sacrifices. This event of a sentience within an inorganic frame is the wisdom of stone and is the interaction between the soul and the vessel. And this is in fact not limited to stone. Therein lies the wisdom. We become gravestones and gravestones sused with our spirituality fade into souls into light. We literally see this with Rinala and her children, but also in the mechanism of the shackles binding the Omen twins, which are stones infused with their flesh like a jar shard that bind their being to the earth, like a specialized horcrux made from spirit graves or a jar shard and imbued with a particular kind of inscription to achieve a certain type of effect. We see this use of stone to manipulate and capture souls and spirits and bind them to the earth once more in the row burrows and the spirit graves throughout the lands between feeding the land and roots of the erd tree. The same thing is occurring with the jaw shaman's pots broken by the minor er trees to feed them and bind the shaman to the minor tree in a rebirth pact in essence freeing them from their stone prison. This is demonstrated again in the land of the shaman where we see the original result of this and the original practice with the shadowland denison stone pile in front of these small scions likely to seal spirits into the earth by their roots to feed them. These stone piles look strikingly similar to spirit sealing springs showing the intended effect and knocking over these stones unblocks the stream resulting in a torrent of spiritual pressure like unplugging a clogged row burrow. And we conversely see them used to clog the biological equivalent of a row burrow, such as with the stone tablet in the fell cavity of fire giants, preventing the soul of the fell god inhabiting them, and replacing that influence with a different oath or master. Ever jails are stone soul prisons and bind their prisoner in a rift within the earth. And we even see small stone pikes used to seal magic into the earth as a trap. And as we see with smith script weaponry and the binding of souls to inorganic material, the wisdom of stone is not limited to stone, but instead denotes the wisdom of what the relationship means. That just like our bodies are not stone and yet house our soul, the same goes for souls and stone or any other vessel. The clay pots of the shaman, the iron manial and his kind constructed of wood and metal, the stone graven and mass, the glintstone soul transferal, the revenant of night reign, the faint cognition of the cristallions, the horror of the walking forges, and the stone-kinned Ratagon and metal-kinned hailtore. Just like the form of the metal assassins and their knives, as the cuckoo's shorecoat says, to a glintstone sorcerer, the body is a transient thing. The cuckoo alone knows its insignificance, yet watches over it all the same. In essence, the Black Knives are as much individual entities as the humanoid silverers or Nox are or the children of Rinala. The real question being with this artificial life as per the lost ash of war. At what point does the copy become the genuine article with ancient clayman humanoid albonorics? Albonorics with red blood formshifting silver tears whose blood even changes. When would we even know when the copy becomes the genuine article? How could we tell the difference? And would there even be any? And then even more bewildering. Where did this chicken and egg process begin? While the origin and method are a matter of the timeline and given culture or goal, the results speak for themselves in the duties and missions we see given to these artificial life forms across multiple ages as guardians and as weapons. And this weapon duplicating ash is a vital clue explaining what the black knives and the scions are to their mother. Weapons. The eternal cities made numerous weapons in mockery and likeness of other life and other powerful beings, often from scions of their own silver essence. And that is very likely what these black knife assassins are to Mara. The same as Melanina, the same stock and lineage, her kin with close ties and a living weapon. After all, ultimately Melanina existed as a weapon against the tree, just as the Black Knife Assassins exist as weapons for a different purpose. Or maybe not that different after all. If their origin is that of the eternal city, like the formation of the silver tears into bleeding organisms, then the uncanny likeness of the silver tears to the sentient lava slimes that are used in the crafting of soul weaponry or smith script weaponry supports the existence of sentient weapons imbued with a soul. Just as we have seen countless other instances in Golems, Tomb Guardians, Iron Marionets, Rani and Revenant, and especially Hailtor like the Knives of the Black Knives and Destined Death. If they are in fact of the same stock as America, that would mean their flesh is shaman and therefore excellent at melding harmoniously with other things, including inorganic things. This is likely why the silver tears with the file name Mara lineage can take on so many forms and elements. And in their instance, we see the same concept in reverse with an inorganic material melding harmoniously with and becoming organic as seen in the cut a seami quest line. We see plenty of examples of flesh melded with metal or stone and transitions between them in the same species. For example, aside from mimics, the flesh or stone trolls, the once human head masters of Rya Lucaria, or the many dragons literally becoming what they eat, and so on. And this fleshy metal and the composition of the black knife assassins could very well be one of these hybrid combination vessels like the shaman inards of the stone jars bound in one with their shell or armor like Melania to her unaloyed limbs or Milison to her unaloyed arm. Both extending past their normal flesh frame to even their weapon reinforcing what a vessel or frame truly is. Marica's own shadow, Malakth attacks very similar to the Black Knife Assassins and shares a file name with them. The Black Knife Assassin's file name being Blacksword and Malikths, Marica's half brother being Black Sword Maris. And like Melanina, they also appear to share a similar purpose. Malikth exists as a vessel to seal destined death and act as a weapon for America. And he did this by sealing destined death within the black blade and then sealing the black blade within himself, wielding it when we fight him as a singular weapon. The black knife assassins are vessels crafted for the sole purpose of wielding a similar black blade with a liinal fisher to channel destined death and use it as a weapon. Lale hounds to a master with close ties and kinship to them like Ratagon who is a hollow vessel with skin of stone sealing within himself the Elden Ring. a Weapon of America and the Golden Order covered in a black myasma like the Black Knife Assassins or Hailtor Metal Ratagon. These examples clearly demonstrate the existence of a variety of vessels comprised of a varying material to varying effect like dark and twisted blades born of a dark notion wielded by scions of shadow as opposed to the light and unwarked blade of Melanina, a scion comprised of light. Another similarity between these many vessels is that they are in almost every case both sworn in some way. Ratagon is the lale hound of the golden order. Fire giant is sworn to its duty, the deathright birds to theirs, and in his own way, hail store to his. But whether or not this has always been the case, the black knife assassins share a detail that gives further insight into their state, and that is the lack of their head. This is a trait we see in being sworn to a master and an oath beyond death. Such as the spectral moraleum knights and trolls to the physical tree avatars who are comprised of wood. We see Rala herself summon oathsworn spectral guardians of numerous variety. However, the removal of one's head would appear to represent an additional condition. The head is presented as a vessel that holds the eyes which are used to control the mentality or guidance of a being as per the irises and brandishing of Marica's head. So the removal of it represents a large sacrifice like that of the fire prelet Barak who severed his own head as a response to the lazy arrogance of his men with the weapon brandishing this head representing it as the forge itself sporting a third eye and the sigil of the fire monks. This reminds me of how the frenzy lord's head disappears and is replaced by a giant burning eye. Perhaps the removal of the head is the removal of any potential corruption or slacking of dedication over time like the fire monks. Without the head possibly being inhabited and controlled, and with no mind to wander or stray the path or question faith, and with the flesh bound to a duty, the body is bound eternally to its pre-programming without any potential for an override. like Marica and her grace and the missions of Melanina, Malaketh, and the Black Knives all stuck to their pre-programming now that the stage is set. While Melanina didn't lose her head, she lost her spiritual equivalent in her memories, which resigned her to her preset path until retrieving them. And Malakth is without eyes, blind to his faith in America, and set on returning to her side. All of them sharing in and resigned to their fate. and all of them connected to destined death and guided by a formless master. The importance and existence of this tie to a combined fate is shown to us in the hidden flower maiden of night reign. The door will not open for those without the right opens only for those who wield merit. The merit granting the right is proof of lineage, evidence of blood relation. An intertwined triple knotted umbilical cord like three scions connected by fate through their mother. a bloodline vow to become the foundations of what would come after like the ancestral remains in the round table hold of night reain tying the fates of the night farers across their lineage through grace. But we don't need to go to night reign to see this as this setup is almost exactly as the tarnished experiences with the door of the chapel of anticipation not opening and allowing entrance into the lands between unless you are carrying the flesh of one before you. The wisen finger reads, "A finger of corpse wax so emaciated the bone is visible. It is a relic of those who came before, left to help those who would come after, just like the night farer's tomb." In addition, the English text suggests we're not destined to open the chest holding the finger slayer blade, but the Japanese text says that we're not faded to open it. And this doesn't change until we're given direction by Rani as her vassel to collect it for her, a member of the lineage. And this is further evidenced by the requirement of fate to wield the finger slayer blade wielded only by Rani who is of the faded lineage. Just as I have theorized regarding the secret ingredient of the original ascension ritual of the divine gate. I think that these weapons they wield could in fact be a part of their being like their child bound together in an intergenerational oath that they are too young to oblige. similar in make and seemingly function to the child-sized finger slayer blade. This is literally shown to us in multiple other circumstances. None better than Rinala literally using her children too young to oblige as weapons. And she does this by a method that reinforces the entire concept. This tying of the mother to the fate of the child and the child to the fate of the mother is clearly demonstrated in Millisent's quest line and her relationship to Melania or Melanina and her relationship to America and Alto being sealed with her daughter's ashes. A weapon crafted from a sealed soul and the remains of the body or vessel. If that were the case, we would expect some likeness between the sacrificial treeflower maidens and these blades born of a body. And for that there is an abundance of evidence. The father of the sacrificial treeflower maiden with stunning likeness to the black knives is himself technically a treeflower maiden whose body is crafted into this sword. A living weapon just like the likeness of the much smaller sized black knives to Holto. a metal lord mimic and living weapon born of dark notions and the likeness of the equally small twisted darkl looking finger slayer blade to the twisted shadow tree Avatar born of dark notions a sacrificial flower representing a tree almost exactly like those found in far mazula a land built upon and sused with sacrifice sealed beyond time and reach like the twisted ceiling tree of the divine city like the tree sacrifice of the shaman and the culture they originated from and the very essence of trees and the root systems of the lands between. The Japanese text for the remembrance of the shadow sunflower reads, "The shadow tree was the shadow of the er tree, born from a dark sentiment that could not be called a law. And for that reason, it was fragile and warped like the scions made of Rinala, her warped children born of her dark notions who sing about being reborn in her darkness or the dark assassin scions or Marica's own shadow." And the English text reads, "The shadow tree was the shadow of the er tree, born of dark notions that bear no sense of order, that twist and bend its stock, rendering it brittle. This blending of darkness and love, twisted and born of dark notions, for example, like parental love towards a daughter or relative who you view as a literal part of yourself, is a persistent and reoccurring theme, as we have just explored, and the examples are presented to us in slightly different ways time and time again. The type of love that is twisted in a generational plot. A traditional ritual based on a greater good, a greater plan of escape through a passed down scheme for the uncaging of divinity. But a struggle of the ends justifying the means nonetheless. A distillation of vengeance taking pause at appreciation for the beauty of life, birth, and motherhood. An aversion to burning it all away completely and a reluctance to join the grafted scion. figuratively and literally binding one's fate to the will and plan of those that came before and the guilt associated with the perceived selfishness of choice and taking one's own path despite the designs of those before. This toxic love and relationship between mother and daughter and in this context also meaning between oneself is exemplified in both the shadow sunflower blossoms description that reads much like the shadow tree itself in appearance a second stalk winds tightly around the first almost as if in a tender embrace. This second stalk's loving embrace seemingly being what is buckling the entire tree. An effect described as crumbling from within. And this entire situation perfectly mimics the relationship between Mikula and Saint Trina. This is reflected in Saint Trina and her twisted love born of dark notions. So concerned with the caging of divinity that she is willing to kill for her love of her other half, making her love a literal weapon. And her form itself lends stock to this idea, like Michel being the straight stalk devested of the twisted loving embrace of the second. And this relationship no doubt extends to their parents and the reason for their separated state. If you take anything away from this video, let it be that in regards to scions of this nature. Mothers and daughters are sisters and essentially twins in terms of being genetically identical, impacted only seemingly by epigenetic development or manipulation while in the womb by a catalyst like the amber egg. To me, the amber egg allows for both the ability of such beings to take on parts of another being during procreation, effectively making sexual reproduction from asexual reproduction and thus introducing changes into the progeny and gene pool. And secondly, the amber egg was therefore used to devest a being of something and pass it on to another being. In this case, into the creation of a new life form. It acts like a catalyst for procreation, allowing manipulation of the blank slate of the would-be progeny. And I believe that this is why every birth after Ratagon's leave results in a copy of Rinala, a Scion, a clone without the introduction of another being's essence in the birthing process, reinforcing the connection between the Carrans, Albanorics, Nox, and Marica's own lineage. Perhaps like Mellennia's own bloom resulting in only daughters, the fact there are no recorded Carryan princes, lords, or kings prior to the children of Rinala. And only mention of the fact there were once many Carryan princesses also hints towards the nature of the Carryan royalty before the introduction of Ratagon's essence. I would wager the differences between the silver tears themselves result from the introduction of certain elements in experiments to create a lord, similar to the introduction of a different being's essence into asexual reproduction to provide variation. Whatever is the case, the composition of the Black Knife Assassins is a combination of oaths, death rituals, and pacts with an origin making determining the composition of these beings difficult to exactly pinpoint. But the bigger picture and pieces involved are clearer. The reframing of what a mother is to a daughter in this context is important for reframing what a child is to a parent if that child literally is the parent. For example, Rinala not flinching when she eats her children's souls, turns them into rocks and throws them at us. After all, they are her. She's throwing herself at us using her child who is a clone or scion of herself as a weapon. in the context of the soul and vessel and what we now know about the potential makeup and state of these concepts. When we put together their relations through item text, dialogue, and more with both their form as inorganic and organic, as well as their appearance as corporeal, ethereal, and somewhere in between. and their current state as headless and bleeding black ceiling myasma possibly denoting some form of ceiling or death oath while previously showing evidence of shedding red blood. We are in essence left with three broad possibilities as descendants and scions of the eternal city. Their form is similar in make to a silver tier mimic, like multiple copies of a living sentient weapon crafted from the same stock, like an advanced smith script armor set, imbued with a soul and or a will to carry out a task. Be it to guard a location or assassinate a target. Or perhaps they are more directly comprised of or guided by something like the tarnished and grace. After all, smithing is the divine art of the giants, where the smith script soul infusion technique originated. And with Marica, the spirit tuning grace guide, and her association with the giants by way of the red-haired Ratagon, who is a divine master smith, the crafting of such beings is far from out of the question. In fact, we see as much in Melanina, the ultimate sleeper cell or the form fluid children of Rinala. The black knife assassins operate as essentially a reverse Melanina. Her spirit was given a mission that it was intent on following through with certain special powers and abilities and sealing a portion of destined death. Just like the physical bodies or living metal or oath sworn frames of the black knife assassins are intent on protecting the location they are stationed or taking out the target they have been assigned at the right time instead of being bodyless and with torrent to ride upon and a tarnish to anchor to like Michan. Their spirits inhabited a frame allowing them to move about like Rani to her doll. Given the state we find them in and the likeness they have to their own blade, like Malaketh's blade to Marica's corpse, which is a part of him, it's very possible their form is related to a division of the soul and body. Perhaps through the deathly copying process of the headless unwanted children of America in the walking mosoleiums guarded by these headless spectral guards. Their souls inhabiting this armor that is wielding what was their bodies which is imbued with and sealing the stolen shard of destined death. Outrageously similar to Malaketh whose blade shares a striking likeness to Marica's own body. or like how Ratagon's body is crafted into a weapon like the finger slayer blade which is strikingly similar to the black knives. And on that note, in regards to the sealed powers of destined death wielded by Malikth and the assassins in terms of what the black myasma could be or what will or power may be animating these beings could be. The black myasma effect is associated overwhelmingly with a ceiling effect like the lightless void of the greater will or a black hole sealing light within it like souls and holes. The black myasma effect and sealing weapons of destined death. The sealing ever jails and the black myasma of their sealing rift. The elder beast. The essence of the Elden Ring sealed into a being like Ratagon whose sealed vessel is the same concept before it breaks. The veiled shadowlands and its shadow people an Ilim sealed by shadow. The giants from night reign and hail stores sealed phase 1 and form akin to a black knife like a metal ratagon and like the shadowy ceiling myasma and the dark voids or liinal spaces in the above examples that hold power like the swirling black void pupils of the fell god's eye absorbing the fiery power around them. The weighty black flame of the glomide queen whose destined death is the very thing being sealed lost its true power and color when an aspect of it destined death was sealed. What remained was a black flame that is weighty and saps HP like the pull of gravity a black hole sapping light like the lightless void of the greater will. This association is reflected both in Melanina's reveal as a ceiling vessel for destined death and in the armor of her kin, the black knife assassins whose red destined death is complimemented by the blue flowers or more likely feathers on their armor. The combination of which is the remainder of the armor's color, a metallic glome, the original color of the glomide queen's flame seen in the original version of destined death until they instead presented it to us as a single element of the glome flame. The sealed gods slaying portion of ghost flame whose hue is purple. If the purple hue is missing, then the removal of the red portion would have this effect. This is not only why we find the cerulean and crimson blades with the assassins, but also why in the third cave with the assassin, we find the raptor's black feathers made in likeness of and very likely a continuation of the gravebird set which is a set made to emulate the gravebirds which are made in likeness of the deathright birds, managers of death before the tree and wielders of ghost flame. This set belongs to the assassins of Raven Mount like the black birdclaw that seals destined death behind the eye of this young assassin scion. The black disappearing from the mark when destined death is unsealed. This is why I believe that EG is engulfed in black flame. The signature flame of the gloomide queen. The abyssal sealing flames of their formless master. the invisible hand powering them and allowing their blade to seal destined death like Malakth's black blade does. It follows that the formless force behind these formless darkness assassins is the wielder of the dark flame. And I believe this formless force has been the same hand keeping the guidance of grace on track through the various assassins of the darkness that would eliminate any who would stray the guidance of grace like the shadow Hokag and her embu secret shadow service in the context of scions and pertaining to the relationship between Mara and the glomide queen. Mellennia's progeny likely provides insight into Melanina who is in essence a black knife assassin in the flesh or rather in the light and is the unmentioned daughter of Mara or at least alluded to in a way as obscure as Mara being alluded to as the glowide queen and the Nox being Marica's lineage which for me makes it even more convincing. And as for the answer to who or what these black knife assassins are and how they came to be, if not creations of the eternal cities as living weapons, then I would argue they are the result of the bloom of the glowide queen like more intentional offshoots of Mellennia, her daughter sister Scions birthed from her bloom. If you'd like to see the depth and ties of the relationship between the Glomide Queen and America, see these videos here. Regardless, in this instance, the slash found on the injured black knife and associated blood could be explained by their existence as a hybrid organic and inorganic being or by either of the next two possibilities. If they were not always the form we see them as, their form could have changed after an event or ritual. After all, Hailtorm would have bled before his ceiling and does after being unsealed. Just like these headless guardians would have bled before their death oath in place of their spectral myasma. This change would have had to have occurred after the night of black knives as we find the injured and bloodied black knife in a deathtouched catacomb who is guarding death route which sprouts from Godwin. A key piece of evidence for the biological form before and during the night of Black Knives is the official artwork of Godwin's assassination, showing two of them with long white hair. And this change in form could have come about through the sacrifice of their flesh in a similar death oath, binding them to a mission, like defending a certain location or assassinating a particular target at a particular moment, like a Moselium Knight or other spectral guardians. or perhaps more akin to the death ritual of Rani and Godwin that they themselves performed, binding their essence to an inorganic frame like Rani to hers. The key difference between other headless oathsworn beings and the Black Knives is that the Black Knives have a physical form, making their situation close to being akin to the latter, which makes sense given their knowledge of the right. This physical yet ethereal form is similar to both the tarnished and nightfares as I described earlier given their composition as grace yet shedding individual blood but also akin to the headless erd tree avatars which also appear to come from grace yet are comprised of solid corporeal wood. Oaths seem to have a physiological or elemental effect on those that take them such as the frost imparted on Bllythe sword or the frost attacks of a dueler after swearing an oath to Rani. or even more like corpses reborn by Moog's blood in an oath to the dynasty like the albonorics who swear a death oath and submerged in a cursed blood. Their corpses grow horns and finally they are rebirthed and like the tree guardians exist as living testaments to their oath. I'd say the same goes for the sanguin nobles who are also headless and oathsworn and have horns. A feature I would argue is born from their lord's blood and their pact. It also doesn't escape me that they arise from Moog's own blood and are called nobles like a scion. I would say it is this oath that allows them to travel through Moog's very blood like they are a part of him as scions are to their mother. And this is similar still to Melania and her knights who chose to fight for her despite the impact and as a result are capable of emerging from rot similar to how the nobles rise from blood. Perhaps after they accomplished their mission of assassination, they sacrificed their flesh to anchor themselves physically and mentally into the remainder of their role. Perhaps a stock of Mara and Alto. They shared their mother's fate. And when they were sealed in the Erd tree and ever jail, just like Ratagon and the black myasma engulfing his hollow form and electto arising from it, they too lost their form and were sealed in some manner. like the first phase of hail storere or the bodyb burned and sealed denisens of the shadow realm or even the sealed tower of enir Ilhim sealed by shadow. Perhaps this is yet another combination or variation of the many death oaths or packs we have already seen, especially as we see in night reign, an oath to become the foundation and who are given corporeal form via grace, as well as an intergenerational death oath between mother and daughters. Of all of the death oaths and respective forms taken after them, I believe the closest and most relevant is one of the most ancient and important and central practices to the cultures of the lands between and the elder ring itself. The practice of the deathbed companion, the sacrificial maiden of the cycle. We see in those oaths sworn and reborn by these maidens the black ceiling myasma and a new spectral frame like the headless guardians but the blood of their original form. Regardless of the circumstances, the gash being explained by occurring before a change in their form that occurred during or sometime after their flight from the capital, which is supported by the image of Godwin's assassination, suggests they were once a physical form different to the ones we see. And this damage was sustained prior to that change, where they assumed this new ethereal form, likely allowing this assassin to persist long after sustaining what appear to be fatal injuries. Finally, the other option is that only a certain kind of weapon can damage them like this and leave a mortal, unhealing, eternally fresh wound. The same way the finger slayer blade is the only weapon that can harm the greater will and its vassels. Such as the Elden Beast, two fingers, and potentially meta inflicting upon them as Rani described it, a wound near to heal. Tish died on their flight from the capital while protecting Alto. Then perhaps it was Morgot, Slayer of Champions, who was able to wound these beings with his otherworldly slashes. His corrupted crucible blood capable of damaging their artificial frame. As Black Current Law pointed out to me, the sigil in Night Rain used to denote the curse left by Morgot if he defeats you look surprisingly similar. And its description reads, "Unhealed wound carved by the knight. This wound is very similar to the gash we see enemies arise from in the ever jails which is a rift that appears like an eye. This form and state is seen cross-culturally in one form or another throughout the ages all the way back to the fell god and original vision of the elder ring as per Gideon staff. That sphere is the world and the cosmos and an eye. Alto and t are mythological Roman figures derived from Greek mythology. One is a member of a trio of winged snake-head justicia revenger goddesses born from the blood of a god and the other is the goddess of fortune and victory both descendants of the primordial god Nox and the great mother or grandmother from which they originate. The primordial fog that arose from chaos at the juncture of time before all else bears the same name as the primordial dragon in the arena whose sky is a cosmic irrift. Caliggo and that will be the topic of the next video. The videos have been less frequent and that's because I've had to make up for changes to YouTube by compensating with other work. If you would like to see more content more frequently, please consider my Patreon or YouTube members. I will be releasing special content there, as well as some of the funner findings from my explorations and more, and it really helps the channel. I've introduced way more tier options, and I'm thinking of doing live streams of games for my patrons and members. Thank you to my current patrons and members. Your support means everything.