While Mellennia has unfortunately lost both of her eyes, her daughters or offshoots or scions have mostly kept theirs. Despite having them bandaged in some or all instances, looking behind the bandages reveals entirely unique sets of eyes. Mary, the eldest sister who wields the halo sythe, has both eyes blindfolded, and both are a faded pale gold. Morin, the second sister, who wields the tree spear, has her left eye blindfolded, and while both eyes are also pale gold like Mary's, the blindfolded one, is a pale white, very similar to the thief of fire, Adan. Amy, the third sister, who dual wields the flowing swords, has both eyes blindfolded like the blind swordsman, and both are a solid gold color. Polyiana, the youngest sister, wields the blade of calling and a formless seal, meaning either the Erd tree or golden order seal. And while both eyes are solid gold, she has her right eye blindfolded and is the only sister capable of casting incantations. Interestingly, like the other incantation casting wielder of the blade of calling, who sports a sealed left eye and was born at the foot of the Erd tree. All of the sisters have what appears to be scarring similar to the scarring we see on Melanina who was born burned and bodyless at the foot of the urn tree. Perhaps the burning related to Melanina was to save her soul from rot whose encroachment is watered away by fire resulting in scars and potentially the loss of the vessel to save the soul. Finally, there's Millisent, the younger sister who wields the Shamshshire, who has full bright golden eyes, brimming with potential, as Gary puts it. In truth, before her, I'd never seen a bud of such superior quality. She might very well outshine her sisters. And while it's a shame Melania's eyes are presumably rotted to nothing, we can still see the eyes of her twin brother. No, not that one. the ascended Michel who briefly opens his eyes to drop a heavenly bombardment. And these eyes sport magnificent eclipses. But this isn't a feature unique to Michel. If you shine a bit of light on the black eyes of the turtle pope, it reveals a golden tinged hue around the darkness. And that's because these eyes are in fact also eclipses. And before we move on from eyes, the eye of the gleaming daughter of the greater will itself has a unique singular four-part iris. This is a quattrophoil and is the symbol we find all throughout the lands between on places of religious significance and is a symbol used cross-culturally in the real world. Fitting for the eye of the daughter of God and somewhat like the image of her offspring on the two-fingers heirloom. This reminds me of another godly being who shares Meta's communication method and who is also awaiting a message from their finger adjacent god who has just as unique eyes as Meta which are solid gold. Very fancy. Just as tantalizing as their eyes are the hidden hues of magnificent color in their form, like the blue, red, and gold of the dragon lord, and the ridges of Meta's body, which if you check in the right light, are also suffused with gold, just like the giant petrified fingers in the finger ruins, seen most easily on the gazing finger weapon made from her head. Her staff, on the other hand, holds a microcosm that looks like a triple eclipse. Whereas Yimir's cheap knockoff holds within its grasp a rock. But this likely isn't just any old rock, it's no doubt a meteorite of some kind, like those prized by the Onyx and Alabastan lords and their minions, the Starallers. These scavenged scraps of celestial bodies are also found in the most venerated locations in the lands between the divine towers and in the hilt of Sinadia. The dagger detailing the gift of the heavens, the gift of intelligence granted to the beastmen by their god in the form of an extra finger. Like the two fingers on the crown area of the ancient dragon statues, the beast clergymen of this sacred mausoleum that wields this precious blade has secretly green nails. Like the secretly green weapons of the serpentine godskin found in a nearby altar, which the Japanese texts refers to as secretly colored. And the English text spoils this secret by saying this color is seladon, otherwise known as greenwear. Like the green color of this seemingly white summoning snake that summons the godskin and drops their swaddling cloth. This makes me wonder if Malaketh andor Seros, both of whom are blinded, had green eyes like those of the dancing divine beasts. And if you watch the cinematics of Malikth and the divine beast side by side, there is an astonishing likeness. But that's not the only colorful secret Malaketh hides. Not only is his official artwork showing him with golden fur like Sira when he becomes corporeal, but the original color of destined death in the first version of the game was purple or glome like Melanina's sealed eye. And just like the hue of frenzied flame, the old destroying flame. And Malaketh isn't the only one potentially hiding luscious golden locks. Because if you have a close look at the helmet of the draconic tree sentinels, you'll notice flowing locks of golden hair on the malformed dragon. Very akin to the malformed corpse of Godwin and these disgusting malformed deathlight crabs. And while Godwin managed to defend Landell from the incursion of the ancient dragons, he wasn't around to defend the capital from a force far more sinister. this cheeky little imp who only appears after the capital is burned to ash sitting right on the very bottom of the spear running through the tree. A concept I will be exploring in depth in upcoming videos. The fact this little beast only shows up after this change is very strange because that would suggest to me that it was intentionally added. And given her likeness to the old crone of the round table and a regal flower found by a certain plant in my secret head cannon, it's a certain ancient grandmotherly crone. Comfortably perched on her front row seat ready to watch the final show. It has adorable little boots, a smile like the sun and moon on the compass, a stack of frs growing upon its head, and small goatlike horns like the goatboat motif I explored in my last 15 secrets. And most important of all, it has three fingers on each hand, which is seen as a bad omen for obvious reasons. As I demonstrated in my last video, the great tree ord tree stump is colossal. And there are many theories regarding the tree simply being cpposed onto the stump of a felled tree, assuming control of its root network. And proof of this very concept is found in the fertile blood marshes of Mowgin, where we see these youthful sproutlings growing from the stump of a felled tree. The shadow sunflower blossom reads, "Much like the Shardu tree itself in appearance, a second stalk winds tightly around the first, almost as if in a tender embrace. This is like the shard t's very own avatar which is also bent out of shape like a sunflower without morning glory to support its structure and therefore the way it grows or in other words its fate which is precisely what we see with St. Trina and Michelola. If we take Michela and pair him with Saint Trina as we find her, they eerily represent the shu tree. Michel shedding himself of this ins snaring second stalk which dictates the movement or fate of their growth is him literally shedding himself of this fate. Shedding himself of twisted love that's born of dark notions, twisting and bending its stock, rendering it brittle, exactly like the description of the remembrance of the shadow sunflower. Such as the fate of the Shardu tree which crumbles from within. This is the same result of Rinala's children without the lattice Ratagon. No legs like Trina. The result of silver without gold. Rinal without Ratagon. Only half of the ingredients like the broken and half-faded trees of Farah Mazoula. This is reflected once again in the D twins armor and the twin sword showing a distinctly male and female twin being the foundations of the Golden Order. This is the union of hot fatherly gold and cold motherly silver as it's described. And if you think that sounds a bit sus, you'd be right. Check out my last video for the horrifying details. The entrance to the tree is lined with supportive rainbow pillars, and the front entrance is flanked by a vine motif we see all throughout the game. The difference with this vine motif, however, is that it's quite literally the singular instance of it having acorns among the vines, just like the small bells we find in the motifs underneath the lunar queen. Spirit summoning bells used to commune with and command spirits, like those found underneath the walking morale in the eternal cities in the churches throughout the lands between the Beleffries and Ryolucaria. all Vertigris green and all sporting small suns on their facade and other faded ancient designs. Though don't get me wrong, not every detail is law relevant or important, such as the secret resting under the giant grace of the round table hold. Underneath the table is a mini grace, very likely there to enable the feature of interacting with grace. And while not every detail is law relevant, not every detail is necessarily groundbreaking or law redefining. just amusing, such as the fake tail on the back of the divine dancing beasts, which reminds me of the pinned tail on Eeyore. But there are a few more serious elements of secret mystique to these beasts, such as the mask, which if you check very closely, you'll notice a barely visible Miranda plant spiraling towards the heavens, like we see on the royal flags of Landell, the very bloom cast by the daughter of Marica, who wields destined death. There's also the fun addition of their human-like teeth, which remind me of the peculiar human tooththed forge serpents, or the human-to-thed looking serpent on the stone ships, as opposed to its twin with sharper teeth like the serpent god's curved sword. If you enjoyed this, check out my previous video. And if that's not your cup of tea, then fear not. The secrets videos will be continuing as an ongoing series. Thank you to my generous Patreon and YouTube members. If you want to support the channel, consider subbing to my Patreon or like, share, hype, subscribe, comment, or whatever else YouTube chooses to add as a feature by the time I post this video.