If you haven't seen it already, Lance Macdonald released an incredible video showcasing a cutscene from Elder Ring of Mikola watering a seedling with his own blood, causing it to flourish and bloom. This is exactly as the item text describes with Michel watering the halo tree with his own blood since it was a sapling, and it was gorgeous to witness. But what does it mean? Well, frankly, everything. And I'm not even exaggerating. It's the bloom of buds, as Gary refers to them. the flower maidens upon their defeat or death that results in these fantastical and sacred trees as seen with Melanina and Melennia or like the small trees growing beneath the giant Miranda potentially even the tree of the grandmother of the shaman flower village or like Maraca and Ratagon who themselves are within and seen sprouting from trees and just like these twin flower maidens it's twin flower maidens like the ones we find at the foundations of the Halig tree that are the foundation ations of the entire great tree network. This established phenomenon of the importance of twins is ceaselessly displayed in the motifs and architecture of almost every culture, displaying overtly with obvious comparisons, twin maidens literally dumping the contents of their wombs into the foundations of what would become a tree. This flower motif represents these twins and the importance of these flower maidens to the growth and spread of the roots and as the bounty of the canopy and the cyclical almost cannibalistic nature of the process. I would wager that's because in the selective biological alchemy of trying to isolate certain aspects of the crucible, twins and birth for what are in essence genetic mutations and melding would be exceptional tools. This is seen in Rinala who is proficient in rebirth rituals and creates twins of varying aspects and abilities and the ubiquitous presence of twins in each divine royal family. even the twin great runes with varying abilities and compositions that comprise most of the Elder Ring, which is the Elden Beast. It's twin beasts that we see flanking this seedling that would one day become the Erd tree whose primordial form was a crucible, a carefully designed melding pot of life. If you consider the use of biological beings as alchemical tools, then the womb itself becomes a tremendously important tool as a biological crucible within which life can be melded together. And this is reflected in the shaman jars whose serpent-like womb snatches the player like the virgin abductors into their wombs, exactly akin to the way in which Reichard serpent lunges at us. If we couple these depictions of twin serpentine flower maidens as the foundations of the trees and the cross-cultural depictions of maidens pouring the contents of a jug that's held by their womb to the ground below them with the trees favor talisman, we begin to see a strong pattern of the biological processes of the womb and birth being used in rituals as a cross-cultural phenomenon like the duty and sacrifice of the deathbed companions. This is because just as we see at the roots of the erd tree or the seedlings sprouting from imperian blood and exactly like the primordial form of the er tree and the colors that represent it. The cost of gold of divinity is blood. It's the faithful that make the faith just like it's the tree followers who make the tree or sorcerers making a star seed. Like the very structure of an Ilim or Reichard and Godric. The same gold below is the same gold above like the gold of the Golden Order being the same as the gold within lightning or the life force below being used to recreate the life force above. The dregs of divinity, if collected and purified, can be shaped and sculpted into the genuine article. I think this is echoed again in the Elden Patriarch's beard literally becoming the roots that continue through him and into the ground. Like Ratagon's hair literally becoming his rune of order. That's the very foundation of the Elden Ring, which if what fear says holds any weight, is comprised of children. further supported by the fact the amber egg, this external god womb, is the rune of the unborn. To be honest, this is why when I first saw a comparison of Michikola and the original Elden Ring, hoisted above a praying maiden with a striking likeness to Michela himself, I was happy to accept it, as this is just a further demonstration of this concept. And given the Elden beast is the Elder Ring, the continued comparison between Michela and this beast only furthered my acceptance with the tale of this beast even bearing an exceptional likeness to the seedling Michel created in this cinematic. The roots of divinity are after all mired in madness and hair as a signifier of lineage or our roots is echoed more than once like the fire giant's red hair or Emir's finger hair upon their transformation or the likeness of Meta to the original Elden Ring where in place of Michel's hair or roots are fingers which are her roots the two fingers is her children who themselves are found by great runes suspiciously alike to fear and other matriarchal mothers. Children being used in the same way family and birth are as tools and rituals would appear to be almost natural to the world of Elder Ring. Given the many examples were given in the fetishes, living jars and baby batteries that the catacomb priests presumably use to exist as they do, or the ones attached to the leg of the soldiers in the giant tree crypt of Elfale, or the innumerable young girls on coffins that we see in Rya Lucaria in place of the once numerous Carrion princesses. The seedling seen in the cinematic is an exact match to the tree depicted on the Halig tree medallion of what in my opinion is the tree that existed here before Michela cpposed the Halig tree onto it. The very same tree, I would argue, that is depicted with a family tree of me, of eight old men, like the cross-cultural patriarch, whose likeness we last see embedded into a tree at the Belelfries, which link most of the major cultures of Elden Ring, and the bearded twin kings leading to the consecrated snowfield, whose apron shows a depiction of an ancient tree with far-stretching roots and twin birds perched on either branches or snakes at its foundations. with two trees comprising the roots. Just like the tree flanked by twinbirds in the ancient dynastic ruins who share the same pots as the catacombs and hero graves by the roots which share the same tree birth and seedling motifs as the bottom half of the hal tree. I believe this is the original tree of the north as shown on the front of the tree at the very top. the one we see crowned by this mysterious object from the ancient ruins to the capital cities which like the depictions at Elfale have what almost seems to be a family tree. I've previously extensively explored why and how existed before the Hig tree which I believe to be cpped onto the remains of this ancient tree. In this video, I explored all of the finer details of the differences between the top and lower half, which are separated not by a fancy elevator, but a ladder with obvious architectural differences between the two distinct portions. But the main point today that I want to draw attention to is that what we see in the lower section is the same as what we see flying in the sky, a giant crypt like Farahula. And if you've seen my Farah mazula bird nest theory, you'd understand why that matters. Again, you can see the details here, but the short version is that it's my belief that whatever tree existed here before the Hig tree, the one presumably destroyed by a meteor, which I theorize is the one that struck Farahula, which we find nearby at a similar trajectory to the one that destroyed the eternal city of Noxstellar, was originally crowned by Farahula. resting in this ark where the bounty or souls is said to pull with the roots spreading downward throughout the lands between exactly like the original Elden Ring. The bounty that pulls in the rune ark, both drawn through the roots and fied by the waters to the grand maleum and sacred consecrated lands. Guided by the red myasma of the Helen and the light of the mariners to the place we find Helen steeple and snow or rather solid water so sused with spirits that they manifest from it. The Miranda staff is a symbol of royalty and divinity given that the flowers call the benediction of the heavens and is seen as the foundations of the er tree on Landell's flags. And we see its likeness throughout the game in places of importance with varying design changes. Its final form, wilted and dead, is found on this deceased maiden set on a coffin exactly like the ones the sacrificial maidens of Rya Lucaria are found on. The same maidens who originate from a castle with the same royal depictions and motifs as Faramazula and who share an outfit with the twin head masters of the academy that respects the twin crown as a sign of their elite like the Nox and their twin crown being indicative of their highest clerical rank or the specifically two fingers on the crown of the ancient dragons on every single statue of them without exception. These roots dig deep, and the boughels of this grand tree network reach as high as the heavens. The maiden at the bottom of Elfael is missing its lower half, as if the contents of its womb were expelled as the foundations of this great tree. A bud sacrifice as per statues found throughout the lands between venerating this very act. Hoisted on a stump akin to Marica and Ratagon. Holding a bud on what looks to be a deathright spear. The weapon we find right by Elfael and the depictions in Elfel itself of a maiden nursing this same bud. The sacrifice of the maidens or buds as the foundations of the roots is so pervasive it's ubiquitous and is represented in the catacombs and hero graves by the roots as a depiction of a seedling. The very one flanked by twin beasts whose central motif is the same one that's found on elevators. The device that literally ascends and descends the center of a bud which is clutched between eight fingers. From the heights of astrologers rises and those who study the stars to the depths of the catacombs and hero graves where the deepest roots are buried and even beyond to the depths of the eternal cities and as far back as the ancient donastic ruins on the pillar at the center of the lands between. And again in the two locations where we find great trees, the bud bounty of the womb, the contents of which are spilled to nourish the roots and build the network that would be the foundations of divinity, just like the bounty of Meta's womb, flanked by eight fingers like the reliefs on the elevators, which both nourished and comprises the Elder Ring. My next video is an hour-ong deep dive into this very topic where I will be showcasing several times more than what I've shown here to reinforce and flesh out the points to their fullest. If you enjoyed this video, then you'll love the one that comes next. I've been working on it for over a month and collecting the material for years, but this brutally timed discovery convinced me a short introduction might go a long way for those unwilling to watch an hour. But I assure you, you will not want to miss what I put in that video. The things here are just the tip of the iceberg. So consider subscribing. And if you do, buckle up. Thanks to my patrons and YouTube members for supporting the channel. Your contributions help immensely with trying to maintain consistent uploads.