People seem obsessed with the idea of the DLC map fitting into the middle of the base game map, where this giant gaping expanse and mysterious cloud is, and I can't blame them. The need to fill that void runs deep, and that cloud is very interesting. But in a game of veiled shadow realms imposed over the same locations like Everales and Ordina, inverted towers like the Carryan study hall, and so on. I think the possibilities go beyond the need to fill a hole, which is all good and well. However, if the Shadowlands wasn't here, where was it? I've been working on this theory for over a year in between other projects and hinting to it throughout other videos. And after aligning all of the potential information, my answer is the veiled and forbidden shadowlands was the north, the vast and barecape of the forbidden lands, the mountaintop of the giants, and the consecrated snowfield. The one place we see the red myasma of the Helen, like the red myasma of the wielders of its steeple, and where we find a steeple of the Helen, right by the corpse of an ancient tree moraleum that lies in ruin, which would be located right by a keep covered in the Tibia mariner's boats and which shares unique iconography with Elfale in its old sunken church leading to another ancient tree lying in ruin whose secret color shaded by the black myasma and golden bounty. is green like Elfale and the afterglow of Ordina. There's a clear trend spiraling upward and distinct lower, middle, and upper sections to the map which this placement complements. And as we'll now explore in this video, the evidence is hardly scarce and is pretty convincing and may even be hinted at in concept art and in cut content. But even without cut content, the many factors that work together, the trajectory of the sun and where the shadow of the er tree rests at the points we see the sun frozen, the features of the land masses, the progression of the environment, architecture, motifs, and so much more all work together to reveal this. So without further ado, let me show you all of the evidence I have compiled in favor of this theory. starting with the seven major points and then moving on to an analysis of where the areas and structures would align and a collection of other important points. First things first to present the concept and justify the size I've presented. There were multiple approaches from comparing sizes of grace sites or other structures like shacks using smith box or comparing the maps as they come. But the method I found most convincing and reliable was a good old-fashioned stepby step. I took 50 steps and made marks from the start to the finish, then measured between the points of the mark. I then zoomed out once using a controller and measured again so I could scale this measurement and more easily measure the differences. I didn't bother zooming out the final time because it wasn't as accurate by that point. And the results were 50 steps equates to about 3 cm. By zooming out once, that 3 cm becomes 1 cm, giving us an immensely useful unit to count with. Each single cm equating to 50 steps. I replicated this across several locations above and below ground across both maps to ensure this was universal. But before we measure the maps, I'll quickly explain why the north shows this immense expanse of barren land. And yet nothing when we look directly down. I originally considered that this could just mean the land was very far down under the water. But the more likely reason is a technique used in maps called hashuring, which is used to demonstrate the height and steepness of a location. Working in conjunction with these other markings we see, which are very likely form lines, which are there to give form to these cliff faces. This makes sense given we see this technique implemented the further upward we traverse really demonstrating the separation between these three sections of the map separated by these immense elevators. So with that in mind I didn't measure these locations from these hashid peaks but instead from the land which we can actually traverse. But in the event I'm wrong, because I am not a map expert, I included both of the measurements just in case given there are other techniques like bethimemetry which are intended to display land beneath the water and areas like the fissure which hide giant expanses under the water. I'll include these other measurements below the main ones if you're interested. It doesn't change where the Shadowlands is placed, but it's good to know. Anyway, these are the results of the measurements. The entire base game map is about 147 cm, which is 7,350 steps. From the very top of the north to the very bottom, it's 39 cm, which is 1,950 steps. The Shadowlands is 75 cm, which is 3,750 steps. quite a bit larger than Limbrave, which including the Weeping Peninsula is 53 cm, which is 2,650 steps. This gives us the true size of the DLC compared to the base game. So, with that out of the way, let's explain the overlay. Now, we'll go over the evidence of my favorite major points and then finish by going over the map and explaining where certain things would be and other notable points. The first thing I want to address after the sizing is the literal meaning of Shadowlands and the DLC being called Shadow of the Tree. Now, there's a second interpretation and meaning to Shadow of the ER Tree, but we'll explore that in the sixth point. I think the DLC title is an overt covert hint about the location of the shadowlands themselves and that the location literally rests in the shadow of the tree. But the shadow of the tree at what time? The shadow of this giant tree would be at different locations depending on the time of day. So what time am I referring to? Well, the only time the shadow of this giant tree is cast over the north is evening when it's setting in the west. There are two places in Elden Ring where the sun remains in a fixed position as if an event that happened at that moment froze time in place. Froze time in that moment. Farazula frozen when the sun is stuck rising in the east and ener Ilim frozen when the sun is setting in the west. As the sun's setting, the north lies directly in the shadow of the urge tree, veiling the highest spheres of the lands between. While it's essentially impossible to prompt a shadow from this mostly illusory tree, we have other options. The divine tower next to it provides an exceptional substitute. Being close to the Erd tree, large and with a vast open space around it, we can observe its shadow from in the northeast when the sun's rising. The shadows pointing this way, meaning the Tree's shadow would likely be pointing over the bottom half of Lernia, over Rani's sacrificial site. the hidden fingers of Manaceelis and the Moonlight Altar in general, as well as very possibly Stormvil and Rya Lucaria, which I find very interesting that when it isn't veiling what I believe to be the Shadowlands, it's veiling the ritual sights of the Knight of Black Knives and Rani's fingers as well as Rinala and her amber egg and Rya Lucaria with its blue myasma. During the evening before night, as the sun rests in the southwest, the shadow of this tower moves to this location, which would mean the Erd tree's shadow would instead be veiling the entirety of the north and where my map configuration suggests the rest of what was the north would be as well. This would make the shadowlands quite literally the shadow of the Erd tree, especially when considering its immense canopy. Of course, there is the slight anomaly of the location of the sun at various points. Usually in the morning, the sun will point toward the northeast and in the evening the southwest. I've taken screenshots of multiple areas across the base game and DLC of morning and evening. And this is the result. The oddity is that in Farahula, the sun is set in the east. And yet, unlike everywhere else when we face the morning sun, Farahula is almost directly east instead of norththeast. And there are two other locations that produce similar results. The first is the Hig tree where the morning sunrise shows a similar almost exactly the same direction as far and the other is any Ilim while it does show the sun setting in the west. It points almost northwest as opposed to southwest. My map formation would suggest the halig tree and as we'll explore soon, faramazula would be both very high up and as far north as you can travel right next to the sun in the morning. For me, this helps explain the helix tree farmula, especially given my theory regarding the original placement of Farazula, which we'll be discussing later on. I think this may also help to explain why the sun in the Shadowlands is slightly more north in the morning than the base game because it's so high up. But this could just be because the sun does seem to load slightly to the right of the horizon reflection in the Shadowlands. And there's less of an obstacle in the evening than there is in the morning with the Shardu tree, which is why evening aligns more with the base game. But it doesn't really explain the position of the sun in Naimm if this is even the sun. And I say that because I don't think this is the sun. I think it may be something else entirely like where divinity goes to and descends from after traversing the divine gate. So if this isn't the sun, where's the sun? If we examine the shadows within Ner Ilium, they suggest the sun is in fact not frozen in the northwest like this mysterious light behind the divine gate suggests, but instead the northeast in the morning and in a direction consistent with the morning in the shadowlands as we discussed before. But when we look to where this source of light would be, we instead see the shard tree. And this actually makes complete sense. In the early morning, the sun is actually hidden behind the shadu tree in the first part of the day, and this is a near universal in the shadowlands. But for any Ilim, given its location relative to the sunrise, it would be a certainty. Perhaps then the sun is in fact frozen in the northeast in any Ilim and not the northwest. So in the morning, like Farah Mazula, our own shadows can back this up. I faced directly north and took note of my shadow while in Na Ilim, then compared it to the direction of my shadow throughout the day outside of Na Ilim. And this would suggest that yes, in this magnificent spiraling city, the sun's frozen in the northeast in the morning and its presence is obscured by the Shardu tree as seen elsewhere in the Shadowlands, especially given its location compared to the sunrise. Thankfully, there's a mass of other information aside from the whacked out sun that can inform the location of the Shadowlands. And that leads us to our next point of contention, the one I'm sure you're all eagerly awaiting me to address. So, I'll get it out of the way nice and early. I know this entire time for many of you, the one thing absolutely burning in your mind is the suppressing pillar, the very center of the lands between. And assuming my formation, that would make for a very lopsided center. And yet, according to my measurements, it actually wouldn't be off by much. But unlike the plainly horizontal approach, I would propose that by center, it's referring to the middle between the highest and lowest points of the lands between the center vertically as opposed to purely horizontally. When considering the elevated buildings and structures of the DLC, they could very well make this upper third of the map after the final elevator, significantly more elevated than the lands below, past what the land mass already demonstrates. However, if we would include the shard tree in this measurement, then I would suggest the very top of this tree to the very bottom of the map would give us our very center of the lands between. The concept of as above, so below is echoed through Elden Ring in more ways I can cover here and now. It's a concept I've explored in previous videos and that I'll be deeply exploring in the next video. But it's shown overtly in the motifs that adorn the suppressing pillar itself. A monument stretching to the heavens that bears the motifs of the ancient dynasty that we find below the earth and whose central elevator motif is found both in the depths of catacombs and hero graves to the heights of astrologers rises with trees that grow downwards like the one in Berat going up and down the pillar both ways just like as we see in Elfale. If you've seen my Farah Mazoula bird nest theory, which we'll be talking about shortly, you'd know where I place Farah Mazoula's original position in the base game as being a top the Halig tree. The crown of the tree of death, a mausoleum above as so below, just like Faramula being at the top of the map and the beastial sanctum at the bottom. But we'll be fully exploring that concept in a few points. There's a reoccurring theme in Elden Ring of Spirals being the motif that connects the heavens to the earth. Spiraling normalized crucible current like the spiraling serpent-like shooting stars on the fur calling finger and other objects which connect worlds and pierce the veil like the spiraling tree that pierces the heavens and the spiraling antenna of those that commune with outer gods and many more. And that's how I view the very map spiraling from the bottom to the top closer to the heavens where the land itself is spiritual just like the many other locations of importance that make clear spirals. Rya Lucaria, the ancient dynastic ruins, volcano manor, lane dell, any Ilim, even the divine towers which spiral upward and so on. And this shows also in the progressively more ornate and complex fusions of unique and shared motifs in these locations and the elevation of the land as well. All of the civilizations in the lands between are connected. That's clearly one hell of a claim and will require a video entirely of its own, but I'll lightly explore the concept now for the sake of this point. To prevent this video turning into an archaeology dissitation, I'll focus just on the capitals and main locations and artifacts. To give an idea of the shared motifs and the progression and addition of more complex designs the higher up we travel. They all share common motifs with variations and unique designs depending on their importance and purpose. And these are in abundance. From the most ancient and forgotten civilizations to the most current churches and even flanking the outfit of divinity, there are common established structures like the giant ruins, not giant ruins, catacombs, rises, coliseums, and grand lifts or Celia, old Lindell and Ordina being sister cities, each occupying a different segment of the map, which all work to connect the locations by shared iconography. Like the belelfries linking the most ancient locations of the lands between. Just like the grand lifts which literally link the spheres of the land and move from knights and sorcerers to twin kings at the top and which bear motifs from almost everywhere. In terms of elevation, the land rises from the seabed to the shores of Calid and the weeping peninsula and then spirals all of the way up to the north like a horn tender. The underground consisting of the ancient dynastic ruins and eternal cities also follow this same upward trend by virtue of the land masses above them. Starting at the lower lands of Calid and the weeping peninsula, the land gradually rises as well as the sealine being replaced with cliff faces. This continues through to Lane, an upper realm separated by an elaborate elevator, and again to the consecrated snowfield and mountaintops of the giants, separated once more by another massive elaborate elevator. These three locations separated by elevators are what I refer to as the lower, middle, and upper spheres of the lands between. Starting in the lower sphere, Castle Mourn's architecture and motifs are basic and few, containing only the same bird design found in Stormvil and the tree icon and vine that's typical of forts and manners under the purview of the Erd tree. Castle Redm is much the same. However, it has within its walls a church. Celia almost seems like the point the lowest realms of the eternal cities begin to poke its head through to the lands above and has motifs from a multitude of other locations. The Beastial Sanctum is also an isolated anomaly and the only place in Calid we see anything from Farah Mazoula. Limbgrave contains Stormvil whose iconography represents the authority of the upper sphere in the lower sphere. Its front gates aren't broken but instead mimic the design of the divine gates in any ilium. Just like its architecture and motifs which contain elements from many cultures, it has the largest depiction of the same tree we find on almost every fort and castle. The largest depiction of the same vine found almost universally including Farraamazula. And the very first place we begin to see the motifs from Farraamazula, specifically the transformation motif, but only the one that almost looks like wheat or grain, which fittingly is found on the cooking equipment, exactly the same as Enlilim. The castle is also intentionally designed to connect with the divine towers just like Lindell and is similarly a monument to gold in the lower sphere. Covered in the same depictions we see on the pedestals that divinity stands upon. Leonia's belfry are adorned with pieces from Stormvil and Lindell bear the ancient dynasty's Elden Patriarch embedded in a tree and link the most important and ancient locations in the lands between. It's here we begin to see the little girl statues reminiscent of the little girl in Farramula wearing the same outfit as the academyy's head masters and who share the pedestals of numerous important historical figures. This is also importantly where we find the residents of royalty covered in these statues and sharing the complimentary blue versions of the carpets found in the corridors connecting Lindell to the forbidden lands right around Melanina's room. Rya Lucaria is an absolute minefield of important motifs. But the most critical among them, speaking directly to the importance of this location as the highest point of the lower sphere and its relation to the uppermost sphere, are the far more prolific motifs from Farah Mazoula. Many, many more than Stormvil. And chief among them is the exact same depictions of royalty we find in Farah Mazoula. We see these young girl statues uniquely placed on coffins with staffs hanging above them. Very similar to the older woman we see in Elfale, cloaked in a death veil and holding a staff which looks like a dead flower. Lionia is also the final place we find chunks of Faramula as found in Limbgrave and the Weeping Peninsula. The other objects that people mistake for chunks of Pharam after this point are something else entirely. After taking the elevators up, we find these blocks embedded into the land. not fallen chunks of the flying mausoleum but instead almost like sacrificial altars to it. They bear motifs from both Farah Mazoula but also of the catacombs and hero graves very likely reinforcing their existence as a sort of offering altar given where this motif is found and the fact that Pham itself is a mausoleum evidently of the sacrificial variety given the beastmen and the ancient dragons. This is the first instance of these we see and an excellent combination motif on the progression upward. Volcano Mana shows signs of being an older location than the new feel of the manor would suggest as the flags found throughout the prison town are of an antiquated design featuring a dragon. And the man eating his own tail motifs are found in Lindell and Farah Mazula. The throne room has many striking similarities to any Ilim and the ornament behind the throne looks incredibly similar to Messma just like how Reyard spells are similar to Mesma's fire serpent seen in the trailer. Interestingly as well it seems to be one of two final destinations of the funeral procession. The other being the very north of the map at Ordina. The golden city, Lindell, shares many motifs with the Carrans Dria Lucaria and Farah Mazoula, and a host of its own unique pieces. This golden capital, the height of the middle sphere before entering the sacred upper sphere, even has a golden version of the banished knights outfit found nowhere else. It has three giant chalicees whose specific design we only ever see in Elfale, and which seems somewhat out of place in Landell. And it also has peculiar depictions of babies like those we see in Elfale. And its elevators bear the same motifs as the catacombs, hero graves, the offering altars we discussed earlier, and are an exact match to the shadow keep and elail. It's the intricate clashing of almost every motif in the lower sphere we'd expect of the capital of the middle sphere with unique iconography that we see only further up in the higher sphere. And finally, that brings us to the north, a land so sacred and suffused with spiritual power that the snow itself is imbued with spirits and covered in gravelike tablets. Quite like how we find spirit graves throughout the Shadowlands. And exactly like those found in the specimen tower and row ruins, the giant's forge contains the same vine motif found on the divine towers and infale and a host of other iconography from the divine towers, solidifying their connection. And it shares this motif with the giant ruins and row ruins through to the top of the Hig tree and belts of the alabaster and onyx lords. While the draconic figures flanking it bear the motifs of the fire giants whose own patterns and motifs are strikingly similar to those found on Godwin's bracelets. As we discussed earlier, Ordina is a particularly important Everale and near sister city to Celia, as well as very similar in design to the old quarters of Lindell and littered with eternal city motifs. But unlike the others, it contains the statues of the little girl and motifs otherwise only found in Elfale. Castle Soul has the tree sigil I mentioned earlier, a church with the same motifs as the others in forts and castles, which we'll note on again later. and one of the only motifs found in the beastial sanctum and Farah Mazoula. Fitting given its place on the map and where I believe Farah Mazoula originally was. Finally, we have the Hig tree. The top half which is of an entirely new and unique design likely the result of Michel and the bottom ancient half separated not by a fancy lift but by a ladder. The bottom half, the brace Elfale, has the same vine patterns as the giant's forge and divine towers, and some of the most unique and incredible designs in the game. There's depictions found only otherwise on hero graves. And like the suppressing pillar, an abundance of as above, so below iconography with an upside down tree sigil sporting the same unique hole as the tree depicted on the pillar and is seen in Berat, a motif common on the pillars in catacombs, churches, and the stone coffin ships, but we'll get to that in a little bit. The entire brace serves as a giant morselum just like Farah Mazoula with the deceased figures found on these coffins like those with the small girls on them in Rya Lucaria. And the bodies in the walking morseliums and in the finger ruins. The chalicees here are an excellent example of the progression of motifs. 10 of the chalicees exactly match the three found in Lindell, but we also see several design variations, such as those found holding the crystal tears and the same designs, but with more ornate bases while being the same material. They're far more suited to Elfale than Landell based on the context. And there are even more chalicees with unique ancientl looking designs scattered throughout the lower section. We see this peculiar giant motif only otherwise in the coliseums. and this unique relief only one other time in the entire game. Exactly where we would expect to given my configuration, the Shadowke keep, but specifically the old church section submerged in water right by the base of the Shardu tree. And that brings us to the Shadowlands. The first thing I want to address about the difference between the Shadowlands and base game is also relevant to the architecture of the north. The Shadowlands are home to the greatest number of large churches with statues of America, which are notably different from those in the base game. The very first church of America is found in the north by the location of the defeat of the fire giants and their fell god. And I find great significance in this church being the first church of Maraca. And very possibly the first depiction of her with her new pose and outfit, now larger and sporting new motifs. This church would be located not only right by the shaman village, which would also very neatly align with the missing braid on America's base game statues being in the village that would be located by this first church, but also the golden finger ruins of Deo, which lines up very nicely near this frozen lake. The topic of the relationship between the fell god and the hornscent is one that also deserves its own exploration. But this motif associated with the fire giants as per their spell sigil is found almost entirely only in the north in the base game on the giants the forge and seldom elsewhere. And that's why this map configuration would to me also work to explain why we see this motif absolutely littered through the shadowlands in the hornscent settlements a near Ilim and the stone coffin ships. We even see the manifestation of the face of the fell god appearing in the hornscent lamemeners. Their association with the fell god, the use of these mockeries of the fell god being used against them and the fact both were defeated by America in sealed and forbidden lands is why I find the appearance of this first church in specifically this location to be a compelling point in establishing a relationship between these locations. The possible first depiction of America in this new attire and pose being in the lands left after the veiling of the only place we see her in this prior attire and pose and right next to the location where she abandoned the braid. And before we move on from this point, while it isn't strictly architecture and more a motif, the Highlander attire and long march of Godfrey as per the stone sword monuments complements this progression of America's churches from the top of the map to the bottom with Godfreyy's conquest seemingly starting with the war against the giants and ending at the Weeping Peninsula where we find the fourth and final church of America. The Highlander outfit was originally called the brave outfit. Its description told of both the long march of the warrior king and their location of origin being the frigid uplands almost certainly describing the frigid north which in the released version has been changed to highlands which itself also suggests the north and it comes with a white cloth representing their homeland like the frozen whitecape of the north. The axe of the badland chieftain bears a motif very similar to the motif on the blocks linking the mountaintop of the giants. And just as we see with Godfrey and Seros, to the Highlanders, there is no act more glorious than the subjugation of a savage beast. The outfit is adorned in both blue and red, like the Cerulean Coast and Char's grave. And it's found very close to where the shaman village is. And in the base game, in the area boasting the most rune bears in the entire game, the prized foe of the Highlanders, who upon a close inspection, have a tinge of red to their coat. The forges in the Shadowlands would also be complimenting the only other forge found in the entire lands between in the north, where the divine art of smithing, the art of the giants whose mountaintop is in the north, was created. And lastly, on the note of giants, the shadowke keep home of the impaler. has unique thorn motifs littered throughout it. One type of which is found also on the black spire by the shadow tree and the sunken chapel and the mantle of thorn spell found in the shadow keep just like the thorns strewn through the impaled giants of the north and the punishing thorns that enrithe storm veil which has front gates that are made in the likeness of the divine gate and the thorns that block the erd tre's entrance. This configuration would mean that the churches and cathedrals of the grand kind would be most numerous in the shadowlands where the consecrated or sacred lands are and the sunken chapel is the most immense church with the most complex meshing of motifs by far. Godwin's high road is found all throughout the lands between and you can watch this exceptional video here from my friend Nameless Singer for more information. But in the Shadowlands, it's only found at one cathedral, just like in the north, where it's only found once at a church. The motifs in Berat and other hornscent settlements are exactly the same, or slightly altered versions of the ancient dynastic ruins and divine towers. The jails which are the foundations of Berat and other locations are themselves very similar to the ancient dynastic ruins and show a meshing and evolution of their motifs as well as the same motif I mentioned earlier found on the giant's forge the giant and row ruins hig tree and belts of the ancient stone lords. The ancient dynasty iconography on the suppressing pillar is one of the only times we see the ancient dynasty above ground. Otherwise only in the stone coffin ships and shattered above ground in the base game at the maleum compound. The significant presence of the ancient dynasty in the Shadowlands would make up for the complete lack of any trace of them in the north in the base game map. Anie Ilim contains the expected meshing of many cultures with the golden radiance of Lindell and Stormvil who shares its design of gate and cooking equipment and motifs from the most ancient and important locations in the entire game and even depictions of the twinbird akin to those in Farah Mazoula which are one of the most pervasive cross-cultural motifs as well as the fire giants motif we mentioned earlier a unique tree motif similar to the depictions in Elfale and on the cross tree shield and much more. Castleensus is like a grander castle version of the Carryan manor containing many of the same motifs and which in my map placement would be right behind Ordina which would lead to the shadowke keep and old church on the way to Elfale right by a belelfrey that conveniently links to the heights of Ralph on the road to Ilim. The submerged old church has motifs only otherwise found in Elfale, precisely where we would expect to see them, and is richly decorated in this motif only otherwise found on the Shadowke keep and the many graves throughout the lands between, as well as scarcely within Stormvil, reinforcing the importance of this location to the established management of death, the very source of the power of divinity. a fitting reason for why it's in the Shadowlands we find gravebirds intended on keeping deathright birds company as well as the most Tibia mariner vessels by far and the contraptions they used in times of old to keep themselves company. And a last fascinating connection in this regard is that just like in Farah Mazoula and Castle Soul. The place we by far find the most banished knights is at the northernmost point of the shadowke keep in the bore riders arena right below where I place faramazula and right next to where castle soul would be full of banished night specters and the dragon communion in the shadowlands is the only other place we find the sunrealm beastmen from phamazoula living in death. There is genuinely so much more to say on the architecture and motifs, but hopefully this was enough to demonstrate the trend of motifs from the scarce ones in the lower spheres to the most ornate clashes and combinations in the higher spheres spiraling up toward the Shadowlands. I'll put a pin in it there on this point because there's a lot more to cover of equal and even greater importance. But if these sorts of connections interest you, you'll want to subscribe for upcoming videos. Now, moving on to point five, and this one is very interesting. I wanted to give the stone coffin ships their own small section to review because there are quite a few interesting features about them that link many important locations and that may give insight into the location of the Shadowlands. First, in addition to the motifs of the giants we discussed before, these ships have the iconography of the divine towers, the pillars of the catacombs, graves, and churches. The beasts flanking this object we see time and time again. This sigil from the round table hold. The bull also found in the ancient dynasty as well as the elder patriarch. And I believe this iconography and their final destination explains what their intended purpose was to be dumped as fertilizer down to the divine towers as a mass sacrifice of the impure to feed the foundations of divinity. I've also considered that their purpose as transport for sacrifice could be very heavily related to the Tibia Mariner guiding death through the water and how death naturally drifts to the lands of the suppressing pillar. Coupled with how we see stone coffins drift up waterfalls commanded by an almost red golden glow like the powers of the Tibia mariner that commands the water. If this were the case and their destination was instead intended to be upward, then perhaps this would also line up with the fact that all death was burned in the time before the Erd tree. And my map configuration would place the giant's forge in the same location. The same forge that shares motifs with the divine towers, which share motifs with the ships, which has the same mark of the giants that we find on the forge's draconic entities. There are immense constructs created to manage the waterways and entire cities seemingly dedicated to managing their flow who worship the moon which directs the tides. A guide to countless stars fied through the tides like the stars in the tides of the Tibia's gravitydeying boat. And right by where the forge would be is the Cerulean coast where we find flowers said to be a pair to grave violets which are the hue of ghost flame and Charo's hidden grave where we find both the Tibia Mariner and those who burn away death and rake the remains from the ash with ancient priests of death embedded into their wings like the priests on the reliefs in the ancient dynasty. So regardless of the intention, be it as fertilizer for the ER tree or sacrificial fuel for the soul forges and divine smithing arts of the giants, the destination where it would line up on my configuration would work either way. Given my map layout where these ships lie would line up here by both the tree and right by the whirlpool on the map. Whirlpools are created by undercurrents, and I believe this gigantic cavern where the ships would have fallen would create quite the undercurrent. There's also this very interesting official concept art which shows the stone coffin ships lined up in an almost orderly manner. Like these objects in the recovered map from underneath the north in a video by the legendary Saro Dubbie, he created this fantastic video showcasing cut map designs of the connection to the north. This underground area not only has giants in the map, but these very interestingly shaped objects, which are at the very northernmost point, which look outrageously like the stone coffin ships on the map. Theirs is a channel worth checking out. Now for that second meaning of shadow of the erd tree that I mentioned earlier. The tree that would be the shadow of the erd tree, the tree born of the crucible of life would be the tree of death, the hellen, a giant mosoleum, the darkness to its light. Exactly how the shadow tree is described and precisely like what we see in Elfale. I believe this tree of death was Elfale, which is the Helen, a tree mosoleum somewhat like the trees made of women in any ilium, just as we see at its own foundations. Elfail's iconography distinctly portrays the motif of this bud, the same one which is found in catacombs, sorcerers rises, the suppressing pillar, the offering sites to Farah Mazoula we discussed earlier, the shadowke keep and laneell. This tree birth motif is also exclusively found on catacombs and hero graves. It's positioned in this ark like the one on the Elden Ring where the bounty or rather souls pool located at the top on the original Elden Ring right by this giant chalice for collecting bounty and this giant monument reaching for the bounty of the Shardu tree. As we discussed earlier, Elfale has by far the most chalicees of anywhere in the entire game, and the ones found in Lindell look as though they were taken from Elfale. Another very compelling point surrounding these chalicees is that both types of leaves found in the chalice by the Shardu tree exactly match the kinds of leaves we find laying around Elfale. The sacred or consecrated snowfield is a land sused with spiritual energy just like the shadowlands strewn with spirit graves where death flows to. And so I find this very fitting wording given the people who managed death in the age past were both the deathright birds which we find in the north dropping their signature weapon and the tibia mariner who ferry and guide the dead by the water to the helfen and whose signature weapon is also dropped in the north right by Elfale. Their weapon, the Helf and steeple, bears an incredible likeness to the motifs in any Ilim and brings to mind the image of the shadowke keep and the monument behind it, but especially the old sunken church district, where we find by far the absolute most boats of the Tibia Mariner, the designs on which are extremely similar to both the Carrans and Eternal Cities, as well as cathedrals and the sunken church. This weapon being a steeple also means as per its item description, it represents a tree. And that goes for real life as well as steeples on churches are intended to represent trees pointing towards and connecting to the heavens with these small protrusions called crockets representing curled leaves, flowers, or buds. As for the type of tree, it looks somewhat like the spectral pine trees littered throughout the north, which is outrageously fitting given some species of pine trees actually require intense heat from fire to melt the resin that holds their seeds so they can reproduce. So, like a candle tree with resin found coming from the roots of trees which are fueled by corpses. Trees of death requiring fire to be reborn just like death being burned away in the age before the tree. Perhaps this is why we see a thick red miasma guiding us through the forbidden lands towards the consecrated snowfield and mountaintop of the giants. The same red myasma as Helen steeple and the same color as the watercontrolling powers of the tibia mariner. And this trail of red my mi myasma given my layout would lead to the red and blue fields of the cerulean coast and Charo's hidden grave where we find both of these ancient managers of death in the same location as well as the forge of the giants whose sparks fertilize flowers like the ones thriving in the shaman village and once in Midra's mans as well as the cerulean coast and hidden grave where we find the ghost flame bloom which is a pair to the grave violet. the hue of ghost flame, the powers wielded by the deathright birds, and the color of the tibia mariner and their spectral waters which carry the lost dead. So, how could a twin spiraling tree like the shadow tree, elf fail, the one in any ilium or the cross tree shield be a pine tree? And how could it grow from the same base? Well, this is exactly as we see with the shadow tree and exactly what we see in the hoig tree and motifs in Elfale, the motif from Ena Elim and trees in Balorat, as well as exactly as described on the shadow sunflower blossom and is shown on the cross tree shield and hig tree medallion and once again very sneakily on the tree motif flanked by beasts in Farah Mazoula. As the description reads, much like the Shardu tree itself in appearance, a second stalk winds tightly around the first, almost as if in a tender embrace. We see a similar occurrence in some pine trees, where they can naturally or be artificially induced to produce two leaders, as they're referred to. This may also help to explain the setup of these trees in Balorat like the ones going up and down the suppressing pillar and the abundance of these twin headed trees in the mountaintops of the giants as well as the spectral-looking tree at the very top of the depiction on the front of the tree. This motif of a tree with two main trunks, two leaders that end up crossing one another is one of the most important puzzle pieces in the entire game. But it's a labyrinth of a rabbit hole and one I will be exploring further in the next video. So I'll try and stick to the relevant points because there's still other points to cover. Comparing them is enough to glean tremendously important information about what the great tree is, the components of it, and what its function is. Since this next motif is both extremely important and also pretty overwhelming, I'll start by saying there are many, many variations of the same depiction. So, you should absolutely pause to take in all of the images and the implications of the crossovers. It's a cross-cultural motif that when compared gives us a pretty decent idea of the whole picture and what icons and motifs are interchangeable. Prepare yourself. This is a lot. As a general overview, it's my deduction that this motif represents the calling of divinity from the heavens to the earth. The spiral that pierces the heavens and receives the bounty of the outer realm. Like the spiraling heads of the dragon lord that commands lightning, the same gold as the golden order. Or the spiraling form of the daughter of the greater will that gives physical form to more divine children that can commune with the greater will like small divine antennas. This is why we see the creatures and items that connect with the heavens spiraling and why these trees with two leads with the potential to spiral are so important. Because trees can not only absorb and consolidate power through their roots and the water, but they can grow continuously towards the heavens like a tower of babel and receive the bounty of the heavens from lightning when struck, which as we just established contains the same gold as the golden order and energy from the sun. Twins are extremely important to this process, and you can see my previous video for much deeper insight into that topic before my next long form. But the counterbalancing of these twins could mean the difference between life and death for the tree as a whole. Like Michela as a sunflower with Trina as morning glory guiding and supporting its growth, or the counterbalanced twin pair great runes of the Elder Ring, these pregnant twin females are portrayed many times in more ways than one. as the foundations of the great tree and the entire root network offering the contents of their wombs into the foundation. Just as we see with Rinala and the twin scions she produces, Fear who gives birth to a twin great rune after sleeping with Godwin that she refers to as her child, the base of Elf Fail, and the trees of any Ilim, just as inferred in all of these motifs, and why the feathered branch sword, which references a sacrificial ride of death, generating the power that comes from the death of life, looks like the deathright spear and series of black knives. stacked upon one another like the scions, the daughters making up the tree itself. Both of which look like Helen's steeple, the weapon of the guides of souls, the power generated from the death of life who graft the bounty of death to the great tree through the waters and roots. This speaks to the rich, far-reaching, and unexplored history of the Carrans and their role in the age before the Erd tree and their intimate involvement with the giants. A topic we'll be exploring in the next video. But this tree is clearly an important and revered figure of the Carran royalty and ties in very well with the nature of the sacrificial birthing rituals that's reflected in their queen, her sacrificial scions, and the many missing Carran princesses. Since the chest plate of the knight sworn to Messma, who is at least allied with the Carrans, bears this motif, which is outright said to represent the Shardu tree, it would be safe to assume this motif on the Carryan thrusting shield used by a Carryan princess and the motif on the armor of the shadow of another Carryan princess also represents the same tree. Their canopies look to be the beginning of a cross tree with two competing leads and are very similar to the depiction on the apron of the twinkings of the northern elevators with twin birds at its foundations. Like the pregnant twins, these kings bear the sigil of the fire monks who themselves have a very interesting combined motif across the pieces of their armor that's very reminiscent of the cbrant attire. Black Knife Blades Hilt, Black Knight's Armor, Perfumer's Shield, and others. Several of which bear a sigil in the canopy that looks a lot like Meta, and the Black Flame Sigil, both of which represent birth. While they are all very similar, there is a noticeable difference between those depicting this distinct tree and those that are more obscure. However, we see them both on the same item, more assuredly linking these depictions on the carry and thrusting shield, a weapon of carry and royalty used in ritual combat. It's a fitting extension, then that brings all of this very neatly full circle that the cross tree shield looks almost identical to the two-finger sigil, both of which look to be either burning or enrithed in a thorn-like shadow, exactly as we find the shard tree on both counts. Finally, the motif in the shared base of this twin spiral tree looks an awful lot like those found on the apron of the twin kings and black knights and especially like the icons on the rolled medallion which leads us to the north and bears a red gem like the one found in Helen steeple. And to top it off, it shares a likeness to the base of the spiral tree sigil. There's far more tying the Carryan royalty to the giants that I'll be exploring in my next video. However, one thing I can't leave out that's particularly relevant to bringing this concept full circle is a tool used by astrologers to track and study the celestial bodies in the heavens. The fell god is channeled through the giants and manifests in the form of a storm like the one found on the celestial body Jupiter. This along with the architectural comparisons I drew earlier about the shared motifs between these locations and the power of the fell god manifesting as sons is solid evidence that the fire giants and the fell god were themselves studiers of the stars which reinforces the relationship established by the sword of night and flame which itself not only looks like a branching tree design with two leaders like the design of the shardu tree on carrying items and the tree inel fail but also sort of like the two fingers. What not only further supports this concept and the relationship between these parties but also elaborates on the reason for the importance of trees and methods of sealing and veiling is the tablet found in the fell cavity of all lesser giants. Even the ones innately still able to channel the power of the fell god and missing from the slain ones in Stormvil and Volcano Manor. This image on the tablet is outrageously similar to an astrolabe. The tool used by astrologers to track and study the celestial bodies in the heavens as seen on their outfit. It reminds me heavily of the tree sigils and importantly the omen shackles. And the points of this sigil are almost exactly like the figures on the bottom of the cbrant outfit which we compared earlier to the image of the shardu tree on the black knights and more. Given we are talking about the calling of divinity from the heavens, I find it very fitting that the sigils also remind me of the position of the star callers and the pose we take when casting the elder stars incantation calling forth a golden star. It also reminds me of the ceiling implement used by Malikth to seal destined death. The stone sword keys used as ceiling implements with a twin bird motif no less and which is similar again to this object flanked by twin beasts which as we established earlier are flanking what looks to be the beginnings of a tree like the twins flanking this deceased figure in Elfale or the twins and mother of the family heads wielded by the necromancer Garas. The reason sealing implements, celestial bodies, bounty from the heavens, trees, magic, family, and fire are all combined in these motifs is because they are all components of the method by which divinity is snatched from the heavens, contained, processed, and consolidated, harvested from the lightning of the heavens, which we'll talk about more in the next point. While the dregs of divinity that fall to the lands below are processed through and trapped in the roots directly and through the waters with the bounty purified and released through the destruction of the tree. And the whole family aspect is a topic I'll be exploring in the next video. This is all intricately connected and a cross comparison of all of these makes it more obvious, but that's as far down that rabbit hole will tumble in this video. As for this video, all I want to establish is the high likelihood of this tree in the north being the same tree we see in the Shadowlands. that the shard tree is Elfale, which is the Helen, an ancient tree with history far preceding Mikola, which is veiled in the shadow of the Eurans, who this ancient tree shares an intimate history with, and who in my map layout would have their castle right before the church town of Ordina, which has the icons of the little girl statues that we find all through their residence, and the sunken church leading to the Helen. If Elfail is the Helen, which is the Shardu tree, then the green color of this sealed tree might help to explain the green glow in Ordina. Perhaps being the afterglow of this veiled tree captured in this town, which is similarly also veiled. The once gleaming brilliance of the cross tree, like the green of its shield and color of the divine beast's eyes and clergymen's claws, the secret color of the weapons wielded by nobles of the age before the Erd tree, and the faded green color of Alfa itself, like the green gem of the medallion depicting these twin kings and their crossed trees and its complimentary medallion leading to the same location with a red gem like that of Hel and steeple. Finally, a few more notable things on this point before we get on to the last main point. If the north really was the Shadowlands, then that would mean in the same location we get both of these ancient managers of death signature weapons. We would also see the missing monuments and statues we'd expect to see in this barrencape, which would have been monuments to the graveirds, golems crafted to keep the deathright birds company, as well as the abundance of Tibia mariner boats, coupled with contrivances intended to keep them also company. Finally, right by Elfale's entrance, we have Castle Soul, which is where we find the souls of numerous banished knights. And this would be right by the place we find littered with the bodies of banished knights. Right by the shardut tree viewing area in the bore riders arena. The very same ancient dragon communion knights who we find patrolling farmula and using the dragon communion incantations whose commanders dawn horns on their armor. Dragons like their knights and a mantle of thorns on their chest plate. And who command the powers of storms and lightning like the ancient dragons and divine dancing beasts. and even the divine element of rot who are located above at castle soul and below in the same location as the beastial sanctum. This comparison of the spectral bodies in castle soul to the physical bodies in the shadow keep is also very much like the spirit graves found throughout the shadowlands compared to the physical graves throughout the north. the same ones found in abundance in the specimen tower, like a separation of spiritual and physical form, just like we see with the butterflies in the mountaintops of the giants or the black knife assassins in Ordina. And perhaps like the Shadowlands in the north, all of these sacred rights and divine arts, given my map configuration, would be confined in the forbidden and sacred lands accessible only by an elevator flanked by forgotten kings and would lie between two trees. The tree of life, born of the crucible of life, and its shadow, the tree of death, the hellen lail. One of the most pervasive and important motifs in the game which is found on all of the implements used to seal away locations everywhere in the ruins of Raul ruins precipice and on the aprons of these ancient forgotten kings. For me, this relief is a beautiful demonstration of the concept of the two trees which share the same roots and together are the great tree. But what then destroyed this tree? And why is the shard tree crumbling like the crumbling lands of Faramazula? And why crumbling from within? Well, I believe the answer is relevant to my final next point and lies in the proximity of the Helen to the forge and what's occurring at the Jagged Peak, which would be located right by the forge and what we see in the Lord's Chamber in Farah Mazoula. The Stormlord was the leader of the banished knights defeated by Godfrey. And as we just explored, his knights and commanders like the divine beasts command the storm and even lightning. Like the ancient dragons whose sacred city they patrol and who appear to have been among the first of those who parttook in dragon communion bearing both horns and dragons on their attire. We find a statue of Ratagon in the stormallers's church and the divine beast conjure storms with their dancing. So clearly storms were an important part in the age before the Erd tree and that's what I believe the forge itself was used for and why there's lightning in all of these areas. The smoke from the burning away of death would conjure storms and as we know from the gravel stone seal, the lightning within storms contains the very same gold as the golden order. I've been very tempted to consider Farah Mazula's original location to be above the giant's forge, given it's where we're teleported to Farah Mazoula from the proximity this would put the Sunrem Beastman to Farah Mazoula. the jagged peak which is modeled after its lord's arena the similarity of the layout of the forge fire giant sigil and phamazoula elder ring room and the presence of drakes at jagged peak like those we see flying around phamazoula but among the many reasons I instead place it above this ancient tree of death one massively important one is that trees attract lightning and lightning is the bounty of the heavens the same gold as the golden order While the forge may call the storm, it would be the highest point in the location of the storm that would receive the most of the storm's bounty. And the highest point of the entire game, as we discussed earlier, would be the peak of the Shardu tree. A tree crumbling from within, which is exactly what happens when a tree is struck by lightning. And if I'm correct, the location occupying the apex of this tree would be the first Elden Lord's chamber, as shown in depictions of trees from the ancient dynasty to Stormvil and Landell, where we see an abundance of golden lightning wielded by the ancient dragons who are made of highly conductive gold. This is why I consider the original Elden Ring to represent the original order with the bounty where death pools in the ark where death naturally flows to and where the bounty of the heavens is delivered into the mortal plane through the capture of lightning. I think perhaps this may be why Bale's arena in the Jagged Peak looks like Farah Mazoula's because he was trying to recreate the conditions for harvesting the powers of lightning as we see him do when he regrows his wings like the dragon kin and their blue lightning. Building his own bridge to the heavens in the tallest place remaining after the shardut tree and Farah Mazoula was destroyed and sealed. Regarding the presence of the lowborn dragons, as they are referred to by Floresacs, the children of Baal, who presumably assaulted Farra Mazula, I would argue that like the ice dragons, they were chased from the mountaintops, given the only dragon we find in the north besides Borealis is a dead dragon at the northernmost point in the fall cave. This layout would also neatly continue the as above so below theme with a moselum of man at the base of the tree born of a female embedded into its core like the girl in the elder ring room and the trees of any Ilim with the mausoleum of the beasts of the higher sphere and the dragon lord at its peak. This would mean the bridges that are coming off Faramazula would complement the water braces coming off L fail and from a bird's eye view make the pattern seen on the fur calling finger the mending rune of death this sigil beneath this sacrificed figure and the sigil of gravity the power wielded by the ancient lords of stone that can command the fate of stars and wielded by the daughter of the greater will and mother of all two fingers. This would place Farah Mazoula, or rather the blue lighthouse, at the very top of the Helen, like the blue crown to its red myasma. Together, making the color of glomeme or purple, the color of death, gravity, and royalty, just like the Ceruan coast and Char's grave, as well as those who managed death before the tree. the very hue of ghost flame, frenzy flame, and destined death. And quickly, regarding these mysterious bridges, like I'm sure you've wondered, I've also wondered where these bridges once led to. And I think the Belelfries give us a hint in one of the locations they take us. I would posit that these bridges didn't physically connect to other areas, but instead were the destination points of gateways. Instead of bridges physically linking to somewhere, they were to receive people through gateways. As per the belfreeze, I didn't mention Farah Mazoula in the architecture section because I wanted to have that culminate after the other information I presented. It's host to easily the most unique motifs, but also easily the most shared motifs, and it has the only non-human depiction found upon these pedestals, all of which dawn a crown of exactly two fingers. And lastly, we know from item texts what destroyed Farra Mazula and potentially this once grand tree given the item description of the ruin's great sword. If it was a meteor, that would make the impact site of the malformed star nearby a very compelling candidate found in almost exactly the same trajectory as the only other one from its target, the eternal city. The height and trajectory of the strike would also explain why we only see shards of Farah Mazoula in Limrave, the Weeping Peninsula, and Lionia. Because the debris would have come from so high up and in this direction, it would have avoided the upper sections and Shadowlands where we find no debris and Kalid, which is too far east. Now, let's go over the remaining points of interest and explore how other parts of the maps would converge. If this configuration is correct, that would mean the giant trees of the abyssal woods would be the missing giant trees in the mountaintops of the giants, which is lacking the massive trees found in the consecrated snowfield. And the roots near the Nameless Eternal City would line up also very nicely with these rootlike structures found in the Shadowlands. A very compelling point brought to my attention is that the portions of the map which show the name of a location are colorcoded and match the location underneath them. And the color of the ribbon for the mountaintops of the giants doesn't have a match in the base game map, but perfectly matches the one in the Shadowlands. The divine art of smithing is the divine art of the giants. And so this divine art being located in the forbidden sacred lands fits exceptionally well right by the forge of the giants. And assuming this map layout, all other forges would also rest in the north with the giants. Continuing from that, the waterways as aqueducts for smithing would make for excellent assistance in the process of smithing to manage impurities and cool down the forges when necessary. Especially since smithcript is imbuing weaponry with souls, and souls are fied by water, and in this configuration, this would see the forges situated by waterways. The sparks of the forge are known to act as a fertilizer for flowers. And so having Midra's Mance underneath the area the forge is located and Shaman Village to the north would explain why they specifically are both absolutely covered in flowers and why the trees grow so large and strong. Not to mention Char's hidden grave and the Ceruan coast. However, the flames of the forge have also been demonstrably used to burn away spirits. Just like the frenzy flame is capable of and feared for doing. The great fires referenced on the outer god heirloom, presumably the ones that burned the Shardu tree and all through the Shadowlands, may very well have been Mesma's invasion. But it also could have been the result of an event that occurred before his crusade, like whatever happened with Midra and the Frenzy Flame. After all, the Three Fingers is located only just past the Forbidden Lands in the depths of Landell. If Midas Mance in the Abyssal Woods did undergo some form of obliteration from the Frenzy Flame spreading, then the presence of the Frenzy Flame in the northern consecrated snowfield makes sense in the yellow annex cave and surrounding frenzy giants. This would also make complete sense given Vik's location relative to the Abyssal Woods. Additionally, the presence of specifically winter fireflies representing the presence of frenzy flame is a very compelling case. given this would fit fantastically with the winter of the north where as we just discussed we also find distinct evidence of the influence of frenzy. The female albonorics whose wolves literally blow ice aside from Latenna are located only within the consecrated snowfield of the north and in the DLC only a single time right before the Shardu tree in the Shadowlands. And given my map, this would place this single female albonoric right next to the others in the north. Given their original place as rulers of the northern mountains and where I place Farah Mazoula, as well as evidence of other dragons corpses in the north, I would wager the dragons originated from the north and fled south after being chased from the mountaintops by the fire giants. There's also the fact that Bale is so heavily associated with magma and this formation would place his arena and the Jagged Peak which is infested with dragons right by the forge seemingly being flanked by draconic entities. This would also make the Jagged Peak the highest mountain in the lands between as per the Flame Peak map description directly where the forge is giving the forge anchor spots for its chains that have been seemingly broken off from now missing land masses. This configuration would also mean the outstretched arms of the divine gate would line up with the giant's forge as if both holding up the chalice to offer the sacrifices of the forge and receive the bounty of the heavens in return and exchange with the heavens of life and death. The lift that takes us to the north would be in the middle of the huge fall we take in the dragon pit when we take no damage and the three huge elevators required to get to the abyssal woods in dark light catacomb. The location of the finger ruins also lines up very nicely. The ruins of Ria is of little consequence given where it would be. But the golden ruins of Deo would line up almost perfectly with this lake and the first church of Maraca, which would place this first church right by the shaman village. The ruins of Mia, which is located beneath this cathedral, would be right by the stargazers's ruins, which is outrageously fitting given the one beneath this cathedral is the first shooting star to land in the lands between. watched over by a glintstone sorcerer whose ancestors are the astrologers, those who study and watch the stars. This configuration would also mean that the only two places impacted by an aionic bloom would be Kalid from Melania and the North from Raina, given they're the only two locations featuring abnormally enlarged creatures, a phenomenon described as being owed to the church of Bud. And if you look closely at the buildings in Ordina, you can faintly see traces of Scarlet Rot. The consecrated Snowfields Catacomb would be located near Bonnie Village. The mysterious village housing this grandmother figure, which I refer to as mother, given what we acquire from it, whose unique tree is much like that of the grandmother, except with no hole, and instead pointing in a direction, pointing towards this snake skin. very likely another of many nods to Marica's association with serpents and her emperian contemporary. And in the consecrated Snowfields Catacomb, we find a gravekeeper whose armaments are adorned with snakes and snake- like women figures. And these very same gravekeepers have within them a snake very similar to the Bay Serpent of Mesma. And this is only found in the rotting versions like this one in the consecrated snowfield's catacomb with the only two others also found exclusively in the north near the entrance to the consecrated snowfield and by Ordina which leads to Elfale which is also adorned in imagery of snake- like women and giants. I find it interesting that the only wardens or gladiators capable of summoning this snake are confined or sealed in the north in the forbidden lands. And last but not least, something I personally find very fun and interesting. A Reddit post theorized that the mountains comprising Mount Galmir look like a serpent eating the fire of the volcano. And I further theorize that in the Shadowlands literally opposite to this serpent, like the twin serpents of Mesma or the serpents on the stone coffin ships. We find its shadow other half instead comprised of the abyssal woods and eating a finger ruin. A negative image in the Shadowlands made from a ravine located right by Bonnie village and its serpent skin as opposed to the serpent of the lands between comprised of mountains and right by the skin of Egglay. To me, this would be a beautiful representation of the Uraoros like those on the stone coffin ships. the very secret hidden within the title of the DLC right here in the O. As above, so below. There's a lot to digest here and plenty I've probably missed, but hopefully this was enough to make you seriously consider this map combination. After all, there are only two locations as vast and closely matched in size in the entire game, which are forbidden and veiled. I hope you enjoyed the video. Let me know what you think in the comments and where you think the map is located. My next release will be a long form that I've put some very long-held secrets in and explored in full. So, be sure to subscribe for that. Thank you to my Patreon and YouTube members. Your contributions make the production of these videos nearly worth the immense suffering they take to create.